So yeh, when it first started out, I was in a kind of World of warcraft game.
it was basically a bunch of weird looking fuckers.
cartoon Satan would come by every night and I would kill him.
This made cartoon satan hellla mad at a point.
During this time when cartoon satan wasn't around, Mamma was trying to teach me 
about Chaos Majik. But I was being purposely obtuse, and trying to actively deny 
any memory write in my brain, cuz I didn't want to know anything about it. 
I don't know if she knew this at the time. Also during this time, I was in 
a bunch of drama with CC (The Blonde 19 year old, the original) outside, and 
basically confused as hell about the entire thing.
To put this into perspective, I thought there was only one female...
and this supposed one female, in my understanading was bat shit crazy as 
all fuck. Turned out, there was a whole BUNCH. 
Ok, I got my time line way messed up on this.
there was, multiple different types of story lines.
or game types, narratives?
At the very begining it was a hacking defeat kind of game.
Basically, I had to find ways of defeating an incoming attack.
This was with the Original Motoko, and Mark. Mark was the original name, 
personality that was outside doing crazy shit. He was the Original guy that in 
all honesty, scared the shit out of me, with some of the things he did.
So in the begining it was only him.
Then, Motoko showed up, she was a 25 year old mother of three, of mexican 
descent, super headstrong, very fun and was able rope me in quite well.
She just happened to live directly behind me, and Mar lived behind and diagonal. 
They said they could see through the window, I had a trashbag over the screen, 
thinking no one could see through it. 
And, I don't believe they could, if they actually were human. 
I pretty much was forced into using linux at that point due to the hacking that 
was occurring. Something I found on my windows install was able to turn off the 
fans. Something called swearware I believe.
There was a moment, when I found a virtualdrive, full of old school looking 
hack tools, as well as new stuff, that I googled, and found it was literally 
sneakernet tools. Tools you just can't get from the web, maybe on the deep web? 
but def not clearnet. In fact I still don't know where to get the tools that had 
swearware, and I am still confused aobut how the virtual drives were set up.
From the likes of it, if there's anything on my new windows installs the virtual 
drives must be encrypted and hidden. As I can't even figure out how to look for 
them. I get the notion the SWC team may have been directly involved with this.
If not them, then most likely someone I met from there.
Altough, there is an incredibly small chance, it could have been neighbors.
The thing that makes me consider SWC as the likely targetting theater, is there 
was a moment... When I found that virtual drive.
Almost as if it was shown to me. I opened it, looked inside, looked a lott like 
some oldschool hacking tools, everything was caps and names were concatenated to 
8 chars long, making me think shit must be old? tried to find something that I 
could notice beyond what looked like utilities, and saw something in reference 
to swearware, I think.
Then all the sudden I felt a presence.
As if the person in my system was curious what I would do, like a test.
I believe this point was the inflection point.
Shit word for the idea I'm trying to relay, but that was the point I was either 
going to be let in on something, or they'd just continue.
It was still completely unknown where the attack was originating from,
but most likely not Government.-being as how I was able to see their tool set. 
--and knowing they have tools that cut in, leaving no trace, and they don't even 
need to work with the operating systems at all since they are going straight to 
the hardware, like memory addresses, registers, pointers, inodes, dumping 
memory buffers, and stuff I don't understand. 
That was the begining of Mark's attacks, but wasn't actually Mark.
Cuz Mark, wasn't and or isn't from this dimension. Some of them have said he is 
Satan. Like real satan,l not Cartoon Satan. So, it gets a bit complex, but he 
did have me believing in. 
mainly due to the times I've had lightning bolts either try to kill me, 
or strike very very near me. -If lightning strikes near your computer, like say 
10 to 15 foot outside, you might have some bigger problems than you realize, 
at first it took about 3 days for for my gear to de-gauss itself, to which 
afterward an insane amount of weird things happened. 9 months later, they are 
still happening. ---i really need to count the amount of times Satan tried 
hunting me with those bolts. Good thing fucker cant see straight. but, he did 
almost get me like a precision tactical nuke, walking out of Target. XD sudden 
urge to jump, and SNAT!T!T! I could smell the ozone. and I didn't look. I could 
hear some people's reaction going into Target how they saw it, I didn't break 
stride. I honestly didn't want to acknowledge it. I didn't even tell anyone 
about it afterwards.
So when you find out the guy in charge of Lightning bolts, is hunting you, 
you remember a passage about how he fell from heaven. It wasn't really a fall. 
It was more like a reverse lightining bolt shot into the ground 
with him as the payload. A huge crackling, and thunder clap, 
as he hit the ground and dust flew like he was his own nuclear bomb, 
without the towering inferno. Just the huge wave of tears, dirt, dust and stone. 
That's some shit there. Like being punched so hard in the chest
 from heaven's court to the stone laden dusty ground as a crackling thunder. 
and you're sent down from the heaven's. That's what it was like 
to lose God's Love. With that TKO clocked going Mach 8. 
