I AM NOT a satanist.

SATAN IS A LIAR AND A MORON.
...and I got the email saying him and luci had been abjuncted, or was no longer in trouble.
The jist I originally thought was the court had found some way for them to make things right.
3/22/12 i recieved an email stating: "Lucifer rebellion was adjudicated"
at the time I thought Satan and Lucifer were the same asshole, 
and didn't know lucifer was top dick, and satan was bottom dick.
Then as things progressed over the past 8 months, 
I realized Satan wasn't exactly to blame, and wasn't actually running things as I was led to believe.
but largely an idiot who was tricked by Lucifer, like me. 
Using the exact same attack vector they used on me.

Any idea of satan worship was a joke, and mis-interpretted.
I can thoroughly explain this for the Nth time, 
this is now going to be a boilerplate for the next time you call me a satan worshipper.


The meth amphetamine use is medical, academic and quite often: also recreational, 
as I have found happiness. It has been a personal savior, 
and I wish I could have been diagnosed with ADD / ADHD or whatever it is, DJINN possession?
so I could have actually used my brain during those first 38 and a half years.

the genie/DJINN makes it impossible for me to urinate many times.
It also allows me to actually use my brain.
It also hurts the DJINN, and allows me to be free of his mind domination for small periods of time.
This has allowed me to finally see things I could have never known.

Before this, I had no idea demon's actually existed.
Before this, I was intrigued by aliens, and had no idea they were demons or this fucking evil, 
and in no way did I know they were connected to Lucifer or satan.
Before this, I had joked in a chatroom many times with another guy 
that has since been said to be a satan worshipper. I was joking, and in no way serious about "ALL HAIL LORD XENU"
He is from what I can tell the harbinger of my doom, and also a main player in my demise.

the devils horns hand sign, is from a really fun videogame.
the GODSATAN thing, WAS A THEORY i began having due to djinn possession, and some reason seemed really cool at the time.
Something about both of them being the same thing.
I defended Jesus Christ / Christ, many times.
This DJINN constantly tries to impersonate Jesus Christ, but I know it's a lie now.

the thing about Florida being the underside of Satan's cock, 
was the joke about Florida being hot as hell and smelly, 
really really fucking nasty smelly sometimes, even worse.
plus, i heard an idea that a large group of homeless children believe satan lives in miami.
kinda like "Devil went down to Georgia..." but made Florida his home. just some meandering joking type thought.
Again, I thought all this shit was done. 
But here, you all are the real Satan Worshippers. 
my name is not Motoko.