I am username Finch, from SWC, with the Jinni possession.
The human that has been stuck in the lower realms of the astral planes.
I am stuck here somehow... without proper knowledge of how to go further 
into the higher areas, or get back down, 
into the solid natural human frequency envelopes, 
where I was pulled from. -9 months ago.
(Your own spec ops phasing technology was involved, possibly a mistake.)
I am human, not Jinn. 
the Jinni is in fact inside me, 
and possible 26+ demon operatives

My real name:
Ronald Arthur Winterhoff II
727.260.4945
496-98-5251


33702, lot #125 --right below you.

Blue volvo outside partially under tree.
8 ft - 10 feet behind front foyer windows.
8 to 9 ft from north east corner, near back wall.

i can unlock the door, please don't fuckup the door.

i'm not coming outside, unless a human knocks on door.
have human knock, then leave, so no interaction occurs, 
Jinni will install itself if seen, or any contact is made.
I will come out in 1-3 minutes, 3 min max. and sit on steps.

unless otherwise commanded or other, i will stay inside, 
and go about my usual life, under duress.
i really want this to stop, or at least have a handler i can trust to guide me.
i cannot deal with insertion team, I have been reprogrammed, 
as well as have suffered massive brain damage and hemispheric restructuring, 
for potential offworld insurgent technology to propagate itself upon population.

-JIC: the blind teaching method is degrading my mind, brain, and atrophy 
is occurring to my central core logic functions.
Highest normalized operating baseline is deteriorating 
at a frequency of unsafe factors, due to duration of stress levels.

Contraband medication is inside refridgerator.
Will only hand over | relinquish to handler, operative, or WCS* LEO.
I am aware of it's legality and I am fully aware it is contraband 
and the legal implication of it's possession & consumption.
I also have a small amount of paraphenalia.

I am happy.
this chemical compound adjusts my baseline neuronal firing rate 
to a level I am very satisfied with in my cognition, awareness, 
state of being, as well as the heightened emotional effects. 
And I have seen total disruption of exo combatant's well being. 
As i see it, the ends will justify the means, 
and i am looking for a proper dosage & 
will indeed prefer a regulated compound of similar chemical structure 
to be administered through respected routes:
to maintain this neuronal frequency baseline, mental clarity, 
emotional capability/connectivity, 
and ability to overpower the exo mind domination, 
to the point of possible reveral. 
but, am having difficulty finding a normalized intake schedule and dosage 
due to the duress from the installed operatives.

As I see it, most do need the law governing them. 
Some choose to go outside it w/o regard to it. 
Few understand the boldness of why some like me 
understand, why, we need the law while, in fact breaking it so brazenly.

Freedom, is to be certain in your "own" efforts (while respecting other's)
toward the ever changing route to finding your way through, 
to the courage of your convictions.

I write this with hope no one follows me. As this ideology is my own to bare,
For anyone else to build on this collection of thoughts and actions themselves,
or to take as any form of guidance in their path,
would surely lead them to the highest order of monumental disaster.
The effects from which, will not be mine to bare, 
anything taken from this, is simply unauthorized.

