DEMON you say???
On what authority do you judge me as such?

Might you remember the ol passage:

BEFORE THE EYES OF GOD, NO MAN IS ABOVE ANOTHER.


and Nope, YOU ARE WRONG, I'm a human.
I have a Florida state driver's license, and even car insurance.
I also have a bank account in my name, and a debit card in my name.
I have a mother and a father.
and, I remember their names.
I even remembrer my birthday, and I have a soul, and a body and can add, subtract, play poker, and I can even lie rather well. 
not like you at all, which couldn't trick a dog. 
(which is fucked, since the reason I'm here is to record you and your crimes.)

My name is not CC, or Ian or Finchy or Motoko. 
Motoko is a female's name, 
from a character of my favorite cyberpunkjapanese anime.
and the name I gave to cartoon Satan's daughter Beth, 
before I knew she was so-called satan's daughter, or said to be.
The reason I named her that is becasue she couldn't tell me her name, and she sounded just like the character 
Motoko Kusanagi, the Chief of Public Security Section 9, also referred to as Public Safety Section 9, 
a kind of paramilitary police force that dealt with non-standard cyber-warfare and intelligence events.
to which I use the emblem as my avatar on a few sites, and my computers.


and all of this, To which I know, is all a lie. My guess is the entire thing is either 
a trick by Lucifer or the last 39 years haver been punishment for something.


I AM NOT a satanist.

SATAN IS A LIAR AND A MORON.
...and I got the email saying him and luci had been abjuncted, or was no longer in trouble.
The jist I originally thought was the court had found some way for them to make things right.
3/22/12 i got an email stating: "Lucifer rebellion was adjudicated"
at the time I thought Satan and Lucifer were the same asshole, 
and didn't know lucifer was top dick, and satan was bottom dick.
Then as things progressed over the past 8 months, 
I realized Satan wasn't exactly to blame, and wasn't actually running things as I was led to believe.
but largely an idiot who was tricked by Lucifer, like me. 
Using the exact same attack vector they used on me.

Any idea of satan worship was a joke, mis-interpretted.
I can thoroughly explain this for the Nth time, but, I'm not going to.

however, this is now going to be a boilerplate for the next time you call me a satan worshipper.


The meth amphetamine use is medical, academic and quite often: also recreational, 
as I have found happiness. It has been a personal savior, 
and I wish I could have been diagnosed with ADD / ADHD or whatever it is, DJINN possession?
so I could have actually used my brain during those first 38 and a half years.

the genie/DJINN makes it impossible for me to urinate many times.
It also allows me to actually use my brain.
It also hurts the DJINN, and allows me to be free of his mind domination for small periods of time.
This has allowed me to finally see things I could have never known.
Before this, I had no idea demon's actually existed.
Before this, I was intrigued by aliens, and had no idea they were demons or this fucking evil, 
and in no way did I know they were connected to Lucifer or satan.
Before this, I had joked in a chatroom many times with another guy 
that has since been said to be a satan worshipper. 
He is from what I can tell the harbinger of my doom, and also a main player in my demise.

the devil's horns hand sign, is from a really fun videogame.
the GODSATAN thing, WAS A THEORY i began having due to djinn possession, and some reason seemed really cool at the time.
Something about both of them being the same thing.
I defended Jesus Christ / Christ, many times.
This DJINN constantly tries to impersonate Jesus Christ, but I know it's a lie now.


