8 years ago, 
i had a spiritual experience, 
and my touch lamp kept getting turned off.
couldn't figure out why.
looked it up.
found out.
now i know you can do touch lamps and capacitive screens.(too an extent)
>>>without breaking the actual devices.<<<
sometimes, the power of the person using it, can break the device tho, 
so that needs attention.
That'll be mostly in the testing period, 
being whether or not you and they break it all the time.
or if it will work so that, no one breaks it.
I figure the trollnig element will try hard to break it, so the safety measures
need to be included in the core design.
That way every can't be burnt out with one person's "level of command, over things"

i hear a "no", like, maybe i'm breaking laws right now by the entirety of this.
but i find the "no" may have been during a conversation, not directed at me.
But the source of the "no", needs to be considered greatly, as to whether or not
I can proceed.
due to the fundemental idea, it's maybe not permitted or just dumb AF?
As in, it's way too rudimentry for you to try using, 
or it makes you too vulnerable, to me.
or the real possibility of me giving you internet access here, 
means you could troll EXTRA-EXTRA-EXTRA hard? and get me in trouble?
I dunno, but, the idea about that is, filters...
You much much smarter than me, so what takes me to figure out an entire week.
you can do just by finding the person who knows how instantly.

therefore, i have to greatly limit things, 
unless we can work together somehow?
so that, stuff over here doesnt get messed up.
and no one gets in trouble when you wanting 
to see stuff ppl over here think is wrong or like, for instance, wanting to know how to make things?

But idea is, I know you enjoy movies, literature, music, art, pornography, computers AND... trolling.
but one is not like the other.

The current idea, or the way to begin I see is two button touch interface, for different commands.
which can become more.
like left right click, 1 tap each, then higher commands with more taps?
or combinations between them, which would be better i think.
like, 4 pads allowing the ability to write words, from the combination of taps.
 
we dont want fighting tho, which i dont know how to work with yet.
due to everyone wanting something different.
from there, means more computing power, 
and less power for each individual at the terminals.

location doesnt seem to be such an issue, but becomes an issue 
when the interface(s) are not able to be moved around so easily.

then again, i dont have to be the only person here doing this.
so I may be able to give or sell the interfaces to other ppl here, that you know.

although, i dont know if I'm breaking any rules by doing this.
I'm just cautious when it comes to stuff liek this, knowing that it's not exactly something
that's maybe ever been done before, and it not liek I'm going to be telling ppl over here about it.

since doing so, makes me look crazy, and if they were to see it, they would see I'm not.
of course the idea is that it could work in a way it cant be prooven to actually work.

i dunno, I figure you all have to kinda peak over shoulders to see anything you could ever want to see.
and never have the chance to actually use the stuff yourself.

I get the impression everything you want to do, is a collective effort of suggestions.

like, once you agree on something, 
then you kinda suggest a person into doing it, by appealing to something of your knowledge of them.


So in order to ever watch that movie you wanted to watch, 
you have to get a large group to help you?

some of this is pure speculation but I have the general idea of how this is working, 
I think, which is also speculation.

--------

the interface design itself is what i realize to be a main concern at the moment.
whether or not you have fingers built like me, or if you have more talon-like digits.
I never understood how the process is taking place.

Could be you simply will the touch lamp to shut off, and it do.
or you have to amass yourself here and rub against it.

seems this area gonna be a hard sell to figure out.


oooh, man, ok.
you get in trouble if you get caught over here. 
wait, that cant be right.
ok, I think I get the general idea.

