first reason for these tools were primarily defense and then secondary attack, if i could understand waht i was doing.
I know now I have no method of attack based on anything I know of, beyond what's already happened.
which has only been used in defense.

To which i was very sorry for also.
I can't really explain my own ignorance as a defense.
but, i dont even know what to say aobut that stuff since you guys get to come back, i think.
i only recently understood why you were after me.

which had no idea i was doing.
I'm also not precisely sure how I do it.
except now there's times when you tell me to stop, with a great persistence.
I thought it was the cat or someone putting something on the door.
You are in the position as I would be if I was trying to teach a monkey or well, 
that's funny since i myself am a primate or of it's descent.

something about this.
Yes i had no idea of your existence before this.
I didn't know this plane of existence was populated.
Although I did know there were others that were.

The way it was explained to me, with this plane of existence is that we travel as points of light.
like a warping or something, 
like we speak to each other in pure logic or emotion.

but i was never able to get here.

and apparently, I have met and known a large amount of people who are here, a lot.
I seem to have been trained for coming here or something like it, 
due to the kind of stuff that I sought out that interested me.

There's a huge amount of influence that describes your world in a lot of detail.
it's pretty much embedded into everything here.
like, all the coolest movies, music, most of the art, huge amounts of literature and even hugely popular video games, 
all have a direct meaning either based on or metaphorically, relating to this place.

There is another thing about this.
I dont know which of you are the same as me.
er, i mean, which of you have a body on this place.

cuz, usually the access method is for us to leave our bodies, and talk to friends or do whatever.
It's been explained a bit differently to me, by different ppl.

So i understand it's not exactly a science, but more of a methodology. 
My friend a long time ago, would tell me about the structures he saw.
He never told me about you guys and girls.
He may not have ever came to this level tho, I don't know how many there are.

I do know there are many more.

What that means... I figure it has something to do with>> judgement.

I also noticed, there are types of beings you make sure to keep out.
so, beyond this level, are dangerous ones. although I don't know who all is here on this one.
It seems to be a collection of people that get along with each other, 
and then those who everyone is afraid of. Like so many different stories over here.

I ge the impression this is a middle ground to an extent.

like the diamond in that picture.

two or three worlds meeeting, in one place.
Yet, confused or just unknowledgable about the other to an extent.

Although I dont where i am.

Not sure, how many of you are outside time.

there was a period of time i thought you all were pissed at me 
cuz i kept changing a kind of map or outcome of the future here that you had.

but then I find, it's nothing as simple as that.

and I also find, it's possibly much simpler, 
in that some are just pissed that i keep making noise.

like when i 'think' you hear me, and you cant figure out how to shut me up.
or when i have my headphones on, you are distracted bigtime by it.

lots of speculation as to what it is since I'm going by ear.


yes, i do know I'm supposed to do something that I dont understand.
a set of numbers to use for something.
that seems to connect me with someone, somehow, in some way, which i dont know the effect/affect of.

Someone said concubine, and I'm a bit shy of what that means.
Demons, and the direct correlation to that is certainly enough to warrant concern.
since, it's in direct line with my faith.
or the idea that they say it's the wrong end, 
even tho the people here that told me that throughout my life seemed to actually be the demons.

from what i understand.
In my own opinion, they were talking about: people not from here, or people they didn't agree with.
It could be much much more, but i get the idea, it's almost like a race thing here on my plane.
but, i do know you all arent the same at all.

Some of you really are full of love and awesome, and really don't seem to enjoy it here.
While I know some are here due to some other reason.
I'm not sure how this is.

I've been able to trust some of you, as much as i can.
although maybe that was a mistake.

especially since by helping me, you seem to get in a lot of trouble.
disappear, or die?

Is death even possible? or is it just a guise?
I get the impression death isn't absolute, when it comes to this stuff.

Apparently I've died more than a dozen times, or more.



I think he thought i was trapped.
I not trapped, I just chillin.
like, my mom has the car, and i dont really have anywhere to go anyway.
If i did go somewhere, i would be wasting money doing stuff i dont really need to do.
Like, if I went somewhere, i would be spending money i don't need I spend 
since, I don't really need to go anywhere.


damn, that guy thoguth i was dead huh.
that makes sense.
you? right?
I dont see the reason for looking outside.

I can't see you.
If i do drugs, I can see you on a video camera.
If I am sober, I can hear you based on the sound levels.

So if I turn on the radio to my ocean noise, 
I can hear you really clear, 
but merged with the white noise.

yet, I was told to turn that off, 
cuz that's how you see me.

and it was pissing everyone off, just like my typing does sometimes.

I figure I must be in front of a judge right now?
as in, i'm being judged. and the outcome of your judgement, 
has an effect on whether you guys torment me more or less.

uh oh, it got quiet.

i kinda hear you.


listen.

here's the deal man.

I'm using chemicals to do things.
Like, I have a bladder problem, that, I cant piss very well.
and if I dont piss, my bladder leaks and my legs fill up with piss.
my bladder is about, the size of a regular orange, or apple.

this happened before I asked mark for help.

The Controller.

Lucifer, the man with many names, the Original Prince? the fallen angel, 
the guy that got mad cuz humans were given choice and freewill? 

that's just names and ideas we were given about him.

but since knowing him, he's actually a really fun guy to be around 
even tho the games are puzzling as hell.

Sometimes I get the feeling maybe Mark, isn't the name I should be calling him.
But like something more dignified like, Sir, or Lord? someshit liek that, 
but I figure Mark is kinda cool cuz it's like not just a name but a meaning as well.

I'm not sure hwo to gauge it. I'm a fool so when it comes to this kinda stuff, i do wud i do.
I have fun, or well yes, I'm stupid.

But Idea is, Mark, has been one hell of an opponent.
Like, the other day, man, I finally found out the reasoning why all this was happening.

and man, did I ever nto have any clue as to how mad i made him before.

He tried kill my ass so many times!

XD

I gotta say tho, he's been actually very kind to me, 
compared to how I've been to him, not knowing what was going on.

I never really get to talk to him anymore, or even before, 
but it was super interesting to hear his take on things.

Like when they started this, I was under direct impression he lived right over the fence.
now I realize all that shit, was never there.

everything i heard, was on your side and not mine.

meaning that, I'm somwhere on one of the edges of those peaks.
while you guys must be very close to the touching edge on the side with both.

yes, that's why i choose that picture, without you knowing it.
it made no sense at the time, i just gave it that meaning today.

It's how i operate.

tools all around me, that become anything they need to be.

it's just my way.

it's how I've always been with you.

sometimes, it's like how i was explaiining to a friend earlier.

that i get caught up in what i'm doing that it becomes a wave, 
and sometimes ppl think i'm fuckign with them.

but i'm not.

however, if that tidal wave needs to go somewhere, i can send it there.
it's jsut sometimes, ppl get the impression that i am being so full of shit, 
and i have to be careful to not let that undertow take control of it.

cuz like right now I'm being totally real. and I just trying to relay info.

meaning the whole thing about Mark being that I admire him, and think of him as a superior opponent.
and if he was on this side liek i am, i'd still want to kick him int he ass at least once, 
but, I'd try to make up for it after that.

cuz man, intelligence, persistence and that kind of commitment, 
with everyone telling him to stop, and meaning it with all their hearts...

that had to be pretty hard to deal with sometimes.

but damn, I gotta say some of this is starting to fade like 
I am being trolled at a level I just can't comprehend.

which makes it even more badass overall.

yet, here we are. 

talking to each other, me [mostly] without words, and you through a kind of hole in reality.


they say, all new technology is no different than magic, or something to that effect.
making you users of it, sorceresss and sorcerers or nevermind i'm gonna get the actual quote cuz i'm butchering it.
Clarke's third law:
Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic.

so yeh, thing is, there have been multiple aspects about all of this, 
that were in my mind no doubt made less 'beleivable', like, as in, they were created with a distinct handicap.

One that i should have been able to notice beforehand. 

mainly the script.

there was a period, when i heard it repeat toward the begining 
that kinda made me realize there's a higher level to all of this.

as if I'm missing something a future me thinks i should have been able to mentally latch on to.

but man, don't underestimate my laziness, and pure stupidity.
No one wants it, I can't sell it, and it's most of what i sell.
so I'm kinda stuck with it, until i can get rid of it.

I have a way of doing things that, don't make sense on purpose.
due to how much of an idiot i am.
that's how i work. I'm a giant mess.
only until i've laid out my mess can i make any sense of it of either.

that's the other thing.
I do understand the nature of how meaning is relayed at a level that makes you feel it.
so, when i talked about the undertow it brought back all the stuf fi was talking aobut with my friend.
which was the stuff about being a father, which I get the impression mark is looked at as.

but really I slipped it in cuz 
it kinda seemed to fit the best with the meaning i was conveying about being real.

which was a thing about that previous conversation 
due to my friend always being on guard for some kinda epic troll missle from me.

which i admit. he has no reason not to, cuz i've got him with some good ones.
which is cuz, i was completely serious when i did them.

although later on realized i couldnt back them up at all.

but in retrospect, they were pretty good, which is actualyl bad since the level of distrust was created.
however poker friends are NOT friends.
this part needs to be declared very seriously due to the fact 
both of you will most likely be put in a situation where one of you is taking the other's money.

but that's the game, so i don't really know how to seperate them, due to him being the guy that has to yell at us
and also the guy that wants to have fun and stuff.

it's not like he could just let me get away with some shit 
if i did something dumb or actually bad on purpose.

but, he's a trustworthy guy. there's some shit i dont understand 
about some stuff that I probably wont ever know about a situation that happened.

Wait a sec, you all thought i meant the head guy here. just before i was talking about Glitch.
The guy here, who i don't know who to call, 
or if there was a change or what is going on, I have no idea.

The guy that was here before i posted my router logs on pastebin he is [Mark]. 
I thought he got tased by the cops for throwing a fit real early in the morning.

then, there's you, that is like an either much younger version of him, or like his son maybe?
I don't really know much about you except for I do beleive we have insulted each other quite a bit.

sometimes we have good talks, and sometimes you want to beat my ass.
sometimes you don't stick around.


right now, i get that sinking feeling I've gotten before.
that this is all a game being played and I'm either being tested, 
judged or right on the verge of learning something that's way outside my concept of what's going on.

Mainly due to the nature of the wording from before.
I get the feeling, there's a lot more history I dont know about.
So I'm thinking about my own test.

Now, I'm fairly certain, that was greatly frowned upon.
However, I am using it for purposes I am prepared to answer for if I ever had to explain myself.
which isn't the kind of thing that would get me out of trouble, but a reason as to why I don't obey the law.

I went to the hospital a couple years ago due to the main problem that caused this problem.
they treated me like a total piece of shit.
I was trying to be the best i could with what knowledge i had, 
and the doctor didn't even look at me the way she needed to.

although, they didn't have the ability to help me with the immediate problem on site, 
they had the doctors for the actual problem. which was the spinal spaghetti 
in the spinal column getting caught and pinched and causing my functions to turn off.

the reason I was impacted, meaning "full of shit" was because my digestive system was turned off.
somehow i found the nerves for that getting cutoff which seemed to be right next to the ones for the epidermus.
so like, my skin was turned off too.
i couldn't feel anything, on most of my upper body, this paired with not pooping, 
created a huge pressure in my abdomin. which is why i finally went.

i told them aobu this, and she just wanted to argue with me.

I do however now know why she was like this.
>>>it was due to the amount of homeless people in this area, that expect free service.
I'm from an area that has literally no homeless people, 
so I had no idea the magnitude of the effect on the surrounding hospitals 
since they are the people with the knowledge subjected to them.

and in general, the homeless people here, are a hated group.

due to how they are generally, bad.

so, hear i am, being treated like a homeless person nto even realizing it, 
due to the fact i no longer had the really nice insurance i had 2 years before.
none of my records of treatment, since my mom had all that stuff before she left 
and i am a retard at record keeping. therefore I had nothing to show them, 
beyond telling them which i didn't realize was pointless.

Idea being, without the documents, that may or may not exist anymore, (some of course do), 
like the fact of the main injury.

after that, she is jsut trying to pass me off. with some laxitives, 
and here i am thinking i'm going to die.

luckily enough I went home and researched what being impacted meant 
and found out i just needed to eat metamucil and water.

making the stuff she prescribed pointless, and everything about all the time and money they spent doing not much, pointless.
so the 5-6 hours i sat waiting was pointless, and all i had to do 
was have them tell me what was wrong with me, which she never actually did.
 
 
it was a kind of standard thing to have happen with the symptoms i described, 
yet what i thought before i came in, at the entrance was that i was leaking.

so, then after that. and the $500 bill for the cat scan and $2000 for waiting.
knwoing that, the reason for the cost is due to the scamming and corrupt BS all the hospitals, 
insurance companies, governments,and middlemen are all guilty of... man... I'll do this shit myself.
Order some illegal shit that i'm not supposed to have cuz big bro says no, and i'll do it myself.
and it has been a tremendous help. I can pee regularly.
I've also been having much better bowel movements, not getting constipated as much.
I thoroughly enjoy the quality of my neuronal firing, 
as my baseline is subpar, and more or less like a babbling brooke.
While right now, it's all kidna on par with the rest of the world 
in the sense that I'm conveying my thoguhts in a manner that can be understood 
without having to ask me questions about every odd ass group of words i put together.

so yes. I'm what you guys like to play with the most. but it's not really playing, 
but more like a kind of soft war, or has been, from my perspective. being that I dont know entirely how things work over there.
and I don't know if scarecrow is coming back.
which my emotions are screaming hoping that he does.

but to be honest. my baseline when sober is very unlikable.
I think that's why i did so much trolling everywhere before getting to swc.
I would have to get people mad at me to have my brain working in a way 
that i could like come within miles of this kind of stuff.

but, man, i hated myself, and i knw all the mean shit i would write 
before it came and i couldnt control it, it came out regardless.

There was a barrier it seemed that I would constantly breach that I would do on purpose to get a feeling, which always ended up being this kinda ceaser ivy feeling.
which i then found out was the Crown of thorns.

I can write aobut that too, but it's troubling. 
As when i write about stuff, well actualyl i'm not sure since i'm actually speaking..

when i use to tell people about stuff, i would lose it.
liek it wasnt a part of me anymore.

mainly advice type stuff, eventually always making me a hypocrit. 
as if I had something i needed, and gave it away.

I dont' need the crown of thorns tho.
It's pure speculation what it does, or i'm using it for.

I have a passing theory it's the mode to which I've been able to control the weather around me.
due to the correlation between how many ppl i've made mad and felt the ceasr's ivy feleing, 
from just being a crazy shit talker to how i was able to control the wind/sky/weather/storms.

as if, a giant fire was lit, and the weather kind of realized it needed to go around or die.
but, that last part I just constructed. most likely with your input.

Which I greatly appericiate, as none of this stuff makes sense.
and I do understand, controlling the weather in the way I do or did, isn't exactly meant to be happening.
like, the people here without jobs, that once depended on fixing hurricane stuff 
or the ppl that fixed boats, and cleaned up after storms, even treasure hunters.

It's hoenstly, a toss up. I've seen what I was doing as  a great service, even at times wished there 
were some way I could get paid or somehow met with monetary gain jsut so i could focus on protecting 
everyone around me better, but that would require proof... the kind that can only be shown with massive effect...
which would actually completely change everything and then it would just be easier to kill me or ship me 10 miles beneath the surface.

which i actually want the later. If I could live 10 miles underground 
in a kind of laboratory or data aquisitision center. I would do it.

as long as we had a big solid peice of stainless steel like a lightning rod all the way down.
I realized at some point recently with is needed for some undisclosed reason.

It's something about, shit i dont know yet.
but it's important.

by stainless steel rod, it's more a kind of giant antenna.

yeh, I went on tangent.

so.
after that i figured out how to control my constipation after a few weeks my nerve-endings kinda-
re-established themselves. BTW this was around the begining of the entire period of time that made me call for help.

After tons of shit between the neighbors, and then kinda making it impossible for me to go outside 
without being worried some unknown dudes were gonna roll up on me. 
okay wait, there's two distinct points here.
hoping i could make up or some how make amends with the neighbor Tracy, only to basically get spat on, a few days later.
the vodka was, possibly a large part of the constipation, but the exposed or pinched nerves were the main problem. meaning that
the spinal column, was messed up after having helped one of the asshole neighbors move a shed, 
since i didn't understand what was taking place and not knowing my limits I opened that area up.

some time after that, is when my bladder popped at night, probably due to my soda consumption, or tramadol use, or it's 
also possible the ass masturbation i was doing thinking as long as i did that i wouldnt have a problem crapping, and it was fun.

i get a kind of stress that makes it feel like my lower area isnt working right, or maybe it was simply too much masturbation. 
there's a number of things that could have caused it. but now i remember.

it was the Ecigarettes, the vaporizer pens, and liquids and stuff I got into thinking it was better for me.
those seemed to have quite an effect, on messing with my bladder.
cuz after the hospital, i quit drinking vodka, mainly due to me thinking i would get constipated again liek i did, 
but slightly due to the meanB doctor... implying i was an alcoholic.

Qhwn the bladder pop happened, i didnt even go to the doctor, i just bared it.
I knew I could fix it myself by just powering through it, and trying to meditate as least as possible, 
since i seem to obtain the amount of power i do from regular meditation.
and to feel the kind of guilt again from huge stuff wasn't primarily in my programming at the time. or I dont think it was.
I haven't been to that place since just some time after the MT Gox collapse.

but anyway, I wasn't meditating hwo i could have, I knew i could fix it myself, 
to the best of my bodies ability but, not sure how well I guess.

I think I was kinda more ready to die with all the shit happening to me 
with the neighbors and stress from them treating me like a demon. when in reality 
those people were constantly doing evil shit and just nasty overall things.

I did some things when i became fed up, but never even close to being on par with what they were doing.
so I spent a lot of time figuring out what i can and cant eat and drink and consume, liek i cant have hardly any candy, i use to enjoy that.
I became HFCS intolerant in a way that makes something swell up to the point i can't piss at all.
and that, is all kinds of fucked.
espeically the last time when my legs swelled, and i could barely walk. pretty much had to like hold on to everything, 
similar to how my mom gets out of the car due to the level she says she sits at in the drivers seat. 
being the reason she walks really messed up when she gets home when she drives.

I dont knwo how much truth there is, with that, but i assume it's true due to the way i've noticed her walking.
which I dont know how to help her with beyond what i've tried to get her to do, which was use the tCds machine, 
which i think helped for a span of time when she pulled a main nerve. although she stopped using it, 
I guess after it stopped causing her the amount of pain it was causing before.

But, her doctor seems to be intersted in helping her get it fixed in a much more reasonable way 
than opening her up liek the savages most all regualr medical doctors have been throughout history.
i'm a firm believer in being able to fix ppl the proper way, at the cellular level, instead of the blade, or screw method.
Here, just maybe 30 years ago, we fixed things like arms and legs with basically the same tools we use on cars, airplanes and boats. 
we dont have anything affordable enough to be considered modern science. 
like I hope for sure by now we would have something that could fix people without having to even touch them.
unless is was some kind of spiritual type or ancient asian style methods. 
since i know they are some of the smartest (being the chinese) when it comes to this kind of stuff.
With a history here of over 3000 years old they have amassed an herb for basically everything. as well as mastered 
techniques only the westerners like me have jsut learned of due to the acceptance of their methods by mainly our in-tune and a-tuned people.
cuz they do actually work. and th eliberal conservative thing i just deleted was 
a bit of goof but not entirely, as stuff liek yoga is deeply made fun of by ppl mostly on the conservative side.
which sucks cuz it works too.
people here, get these weird ideas due to were they hear or see the most of them coming from, instead of their source, being india. 
I'm glad you helped me with that, cuz i get a little confused but then i recalled the Yogis are all in India.

man, now i'm real concerned as to how real for me this just became.

I get the impresion, this woman, that jsut helped me, is actually here on my side.
which is okay, but concerns me due to how much she has been upset with me.
I am under the impression she is the main person behind some of this, 
and i wouldnt mind speaking to her in a somehow neutral environment.

I don't know if she is the person that cursed me or if it's been all my work 
but I would hope to be able to at least clear up any confusion or lies which she must have been subjected to. 
Maybe know what i did to her to make her so upset with me.
Unless, there's been other things I'm not aware of, like I know she isn't here now, 
due to me recalling where she is and generally who she is. 

you wer ethe one that seemedd to upset me quite a lot at the egining of this and i never knew why, 
but i would consequently get mad back, and eventually really got annnoyed with you. but you've been gone so long, 
and now I know.
and I wish I could make some kind of appology or at least be told what exactly was going on before this. 
cuz if i had realized it would have never happened. What I mean is, I've gone out of my way quite a bit 
to be as cordial and generally tried to not bother people. but then i find all of you, hella mad at me, and me not knowing why.

one thing is, I stopped dealing with ppl around here due to the problems they kinda bring me.
I knwo how people carry things with them, and the ones here where i am will constnatly try to give you theirs.
So i tend to keep to myself in a way that is outside their lives, while still trying to be polite when i see them.
which basically seems to make everyone think i'm stuck up.
but honestly. it's cuz i can tcant talk to ppl face to face without feeling incredibly stupid 
and never findin th eright words to say anything i feel aobut anything.
thus being around others, is just boring for me, cuz i never have anything to really add, 
while wishing i could. yet knowing th estuf fi talk about inthe mode i talk about it, 
they genrally wont understand or many times become afraid of.

for isntance.

knowing this well before this stuff,
 "here right now" ever hapened>>> "And all the men and women merely players;"
 
 I knew we were all kinda puppetish in some way, if not by our influences, then by other presences.
 I've had many a time thinking aobut how regular people are pretty much just chess pieces.
 they get taken over and manipulated never knowing anything aobut the actions they were used to create.
 one person decideds all the sudden to switch lanes in their car, which makes another slow down, 
 which makes another decide to turn at a different street before they needed to, avoiding a life threating car crash.
 
 or the other side of the coin, which is never ever anyone's fault. but somehow I knew why it wasnt.
 didnt know who but yeh, i knew why. the idea of the proxying and remote conttrol and stuff, is covered heavily in the kind of art/music/tv shows and videogames, it's all right there.
 and somehwo i alwyas knew it was there, bu t yes, i am a pussy this shit is massively awesome 
 and i want to experience the absoulte nature of it with everything cuz i've been waiting for this so long, 
 that i dont want to go in at it like i have with all the other things i didnt understand, that i eventually failed at.
 It's like, the fact i do know so much about this, is the fact i am so cautious.
 
 thing about it, is the dimensions of it, i didnt know about.
 
 
 i can go outside, and you guys and do whatever you want to me, and i wont even flinch.
 i wont even know it, unless you yell at me while you do it.
 It never made sense to me, why you stayed so far away.
 I mean i understand now, it was due to me runnign around lieka crazez lunatic, 
 but I've said it a few times it was hollywood. sur ei was mad as hell at the time but had i seen kids... 
 man, it would have instantly changed to me feeling as the other way for exactly how you saw me. 
 in the idea that all i knew at th etime was a bunch of people were surrounding me and i didn't know 
 they were all kids, i thought at least the ones i was worried about were dangerous. 
 
 there was a one distinct person older than the others that i went into a bit that stopped coming around.
 whoever that was, i knew was a problem, that was one of them, and him paired with the other two older 
 adults that i had heard previously, combined with allt he voices, kinda pushed the button when the dinwos were being messed with.
 
 had i known all you guys i heard that night of the full moon were on your side, it wouldnt have been such a problem.
 Like for instance.
 
 this is my only real, example.
 
 the kid that was sitting about 50ish feet from me in the backyard
 doing the chanting hummer. I knew what he was doing, I actually liked it, even tho it was being used to mess with me.
 the feeling i got from it was blatant. I knew what th eintention was immediately. 
 yet, it was ok cuz it intersted me in some level and the way it was working with my air conditioner...
 man, that's what i was laughing about.
 that night i was sitting there, hearing the little man int he air conditioner... 
 that was on par with the funniest kind of whatever it could be. i got that.
It was as if that liittle opera singing man had been in their the whole time, 
and i was just then finally realizing where it was coming from.

But yes, howeer that one was that was sitting like directly kinda from it and me, I get the impression he may have been actually doing it now, 
by matching his humming with the resonant frequency of the air conditioners motor causing that strange sound.
i didnt send him any kind of ill will at all. at first it may have been slightly due to concern for what he was doing, but he kept up and i realized 
rather quick once i knew the intention, that i wasnt, well, i never sent him the intent that i wasnt a threat, 
but i realized quickly that i didnt need to be mad at him, or be too concerned with what he was doing even tho i knew he was sending me ill intent. 

mainly cuz i liked wha the was doing, and there were moments i wanted to join in with the sound, even tho it was being used against me mostly.

then the rest of the night, with all of you having surrounded me, that was a prime way to seriously mess with someone.
that's the kind of stuff nightmares really are made of and i got to experience that first hand. 
and it was the strangest kind of thing i have ever experienced so far, on this planet.
that's the kind of thing i would put in a film if i could make one, jsut due to the extreme effect 
of realizing i was surrounded and the feelings of complete helplessness.
yet, all you did was mess around. and the best most brilliant part about it. the entire time... 
the entire time i knew it was flawless due to the fact i had came up with the same exact idea before 
and it literally felt like you learned it from me and was using my own methods.
althoguh i don't actually know if i've ever caused that amount of fear in others from it, 
that was used with absoluite perfection and expanded on with a kind of thoguht i dont get to be around much.
which is a good thing int hat regard but a bad thing when it comes to me being able to autally build stuff.

i admit, it's badass, you do not become better at what you do, without fighting people better than you.
as in don't bother messing with people under your level cuz then you learn nothing.
always fight up, never down, cuz when you fight down you just a bitch or punk, but when you fight up, that means you are gonna learn something from them, 
due to the simple fact you see them as stronger than you, and you learn something in the process which is really the only point to ever take on such a task.

i admit, i've had a tremendous amount of angst taken out by messing with people that have messed with me, 
or just argued to the point of exhaustion for jsut fun, but dude, once i realized it all became an artform 
liek a way to mentally spar. so i could refine my mental processes, and allow myself to become stronger mentally.
which i eventually pretty much all but forgot when i needed it the most during the time with hizzy months before this happened. 
but i say, it all came back with your all, and i can't really appologize enough for it, or it even be meaningful enough since i did thought i was going crazy.
but ya know,
now knowing you are all here, in much different way than i understood, it's my only duty but to try to find a way to make amends.
ngohting can be undone but it can be at least used as basis for. well let's look at it.

okay, up until a ertain point i cant figure out whre the hell you are right???
i thinky ou always outside behind the fence or lurrrrrrrking 
in the bushes or somewhere just out of reach. and there was a good time when i was plently mad, 
but you guys had such a tight group that i couldnt do ntohgin about it, even if i wanted to
and the thing that drove me the most about it, whcih attribuated to the fear was the fact 
i couldnt defend against you. since you were younger, and underage, thus making it impossible to 
touch you without getting in depe trouble, or looking liek a total fuck, 
but also, how bad i would have felt once i realized why you were doing it.

she knows me quite well now. she has listned to just about everything i've wrote and thought and said. 
she's got me personality down pretty good but some things she doesnt compeltely get yet, 
due to the fact she never actually talks to directly to me much, except but a little more recently.

man, had i known you're whole idea was to do what you did, for the things you did at the begining, i think it worked.
i mean, whatever it is, you meant to do, i think it worked.
I finally kinda get to observe the shit i was doing from an outside point of view. the way i didnt see before. 
and it was one hell of a trip.

but yeh, at some point if you stick around and you dont go away liek you were gone for the last few days, I'd really liek to know how much you learned from me.
and the stories of using ht emethids for what oyu used them for, cuz man, that stuff really was developed in a defending form, 
it really wasnt meant to be used as offensively as it was, which i find pretty impressive. when all i know is that oyu used it against me.
I cant assume you've used it against others but i cant negate that either so, it really piques my interest how you arrived at the same conclusion 
of that being such an effective move.

honestly without more knowledge, it's as if the weapons maker had his own weapons used on him and its the reason 
why weapons maker didnt go completely bat shit but instead was able to bear enough to see the reasonning for having used it against him instead.

cuz as you can see, i have let some of my better oens get away from me to the wrong ppl for sure.
I've seen first hand th ekind of stuff that happens when i get too mad at the worng person and use something that wasnt meant to be used on the people i did.
onyl to have it copied and used in order to create a whole bunch of problems with, further down the line.

ultimately, i've seen some insane stuff and been apart of it as much as the others. but then there's times when i'vve been met by something like this and shit i gotta bow.
quite  alot due to your mental superiority but also the way you used it, with who the idea to use it against became and man... how you even found it.
there's so much i dont know about this that makes it even mroe intriuguing now, since it's directly correlated back to my own designs. prreviously man, 
it was used for giggles, and this old guy super mad at my friend, then it kinda mutated i guess into an idea that i didnt really use much but must have mentioned at some point.  

yes, the idea of calling someone something froma  position the poerson doing it could be considered. which is by far some of the funneist shit ever. 
due to the way it's so incredibly ironic and yet so damn effective at the way it works to make the other party upset with the experience of it.
and yet... it was created all due to a silly idea of acting liek abitch and running inside from the pissed off oldman that wanted to beat my friends ass.
for some reason he didnt realize it while i was making sure hre and myself was good, feleing a bit lieka pussy and guilty i start lookign at her aobut what i should do
so i had to go back outside, and his girl he was seeing at the time told me to take the camera and he flipped sides super quick chnged his mode instantly.
which worked magnificeintly, and my very easily aggrarvating buddy didnt actualyl get his face beaten by oldman but we didnt have any violence at all.

that's where that whole idea came from. i dont know if i used it much other than screwing aroudn after that, but i know i mentioned it somewhat recently, 
within context, adn the pure idea being transmitted neough for someone to grab it, becoming you guys, must have.

be careful tho, that stuff becomes a kind of passion. and eventualyl you get locked into it in a way you dont even realize what you are doing., or who you are hurting with it.
i generally tried to mostly keep it wrestling style, where it wouldnt affect anyone outside the place we were doing it at. so liek if it was on site A and we both used site B well, 
it would only ever stay on site A. But, eventually some ppl come at you with stuff you dont expect, and have acess to stuff you dont even have the ability to understand. 

so yeh, it's made me better. due to the fat you were playing low, but i do appreciate it. nah man. i'm sayin you had no choiice right??
you did it cuz you knew oyu had to, and it changed me quite a lot. I feel liek a much mroe refined person to the point of understanding 
things i was keeping as illusion liek the fact i thoguht trannies arent really dudes or like fifghting ppl ont he internet isnt really fighting.
or well another that i went over today easrlier is how i was never able to stop all the kinda irritating stuff i use to upset ppl with, 
that gave me problems before. which seemed to always kind of build up and dump on me all at once.

it's possible, I may be able to control myself now due to the simpel fact someone finally did use the only stuff that could really ever mess with me against me. 
XD i know you dont need it but i give you my blessing to di it again if you feel its required at any point. it's so much nicer being friendly than it is a dick.
and before, when i was going crazy, 
i had this ultimate idea it was all coming from myself, thus i also hated myself for it. until i realized i wasn't then man... 
did i feel like a fuckin jerk for the stuff i said and did.
had i known, it was so much different than i thoguht it was, man, I would have gone crazy, and lost it. ultimately, i do think i would have lost it entirely.
The fact you kept youreselves relatively professional in your manner toward this, was the fact you were able to keep me from really ever getting the upper hand. 
which if i could have gotten would have been useless but, would have gotten me even deeper in problems than i even knew about, so overall, 
you played hard, and got me damn good. the fact i can stilltalk about this. 
is quite a blessing. but not ever knowing what you wanted from the begining is problaby the most conflicting due to however all this went down at the period it did. 

I have an idea of why you did it, but it's turned into many different plausible outcomes, which is most definately how that troll was built. 
damn i just had a retrospect moment and realized that part is something else.

i actually wonder if you all know what city this is, cuz i get the distinct impression, i'm not going to ever be repeating specific details of this, 
due to the nature of what i put together and how i was able to ultimately get through this on my won with a little help from my friends.
which is most plausible the main way i was able to get through it without really hurting myself.
and honestly i know they dont see me as a bad person from the amount of time i've spent with them getting to know my ultimate persona, 
the things i do and the reasonings that built-up from them due to the shti i seen or went through, knew about, learned, was subjected to. 
you guys who were trollin were subjected to the most pointed of my miliatry form of that kind of mind that i had developed 
having never really used in this kind of context with any direct attacks so long and so close. 
so much happened, which made this much longer and more complex than the times before i told you about. (times that stuff similar had happened.)
this wasnt anything like those times.
these times were, so much more real that the others. and to think i had no way of knowing anything.

Now i finally got to find out how much the err of my ways hsd sffected others around me, in the way they did, 
but not really the bad ppl that they affected liek i wanted but the good people that i never knew had any proximity to it.
it's liekjthe stuff i was messing with you aobut, being in such close proximity to them during this, i had no idea of myself. 
I couldnt pass off the illusion that the stuff i was doing didnt hurt them anymore once you guys kinda went into the woodwork for the past while.
it was so much easier to deal with not knowing they were around or not hearing them as well as i could you, thus not knowing 
the lives of the ppl i was affeting without me even knowing.
it's like, yeh some kids that liek to fight with logic and deception they are there, but once you went quiet them i saw the 
people that i was affecting from the crazy ways i was saying stuff, ultimately, makign me realize they were in no way able 
to get out of it and fromt hat were subjected tothe pure strangeness of how i tied all that together into jsut using whatver 
i was saying whatever i was tlaing about as a weapon.
too which this isnt suppsoed to be. but recognized was getting way too close to that before i needed to i think this time.

sometimes i need help realizing who i'm around.
er had i known so many kids were around, i would have lightened th etone of the stuff, hopefully stopping the cursing sooner at least, that is going to be extremely hard.
sound sliek someoe outside, jsut got upset.

other thing is, man....
the ignorant words i said to delibreately get a rise. those i actually meant to give up before this, man. 
i had relaized this due to an experiemtn i had running with a username, that had a crazy affect and man, 
i meant to stop doing that, all becuase of the way it made ppl feel in the presence of it being used. which isnt ever good.
i'm serious i have an actual explanation of how i understand it, in the way i do.

it's explained throughb the usaghe of the username but only really applies to the word itself that's only used in either jest,hate, but most awlaysused ina disgusting manner.
which i tried to give up before this. and i feel stupid if i say it now. 
if i say it now, then it kidna defeats the purpose of me having ;learned anything from this.
kinda liek when lil awesome was punicxhing the hell out of me by almost making me shit my pants. jeez if you guys can relay that to each other f... i almsot want to cry about that. 
she got me really good, for the way she twisted around my meanings, and got me into what she ensnared me with.
that was enough to really make me realize how younger ppl interpret the stuff i say.
not so much at th etime but just now i think due to the way i felt trying to protect her and her messing with me so hard, 
how she used her intelligence in a way that wasn't a bad thing but used to teach me something i didnt understand about myself.


man, if you all want me to come outside... i will, but there's no chance ima be able to see you. 
without possibly a video camera or you talking directly to me loudly, well actually, that would only tell me where to look, 
so if i cannot like nod at ya, then i am not seeing you.
that's the absolute worst about this, finding all of yu, then finding out i can't even see you. 
Finding out how awesome and creative you are, and hilariously strange. man and i dont even get to see you.

thats what worries me the most.
the whole thing abou tnot being able to see you and the sadness from me not 
being able to see you since, each and everyone seems to think i should be able to but i cant.

I kept all of that to myself up until very recently.
like i didnt know, how much of it you knew so, just liek you had to hold back data so i had a little more contorl of the situation.

and i really wanted to see how far you would go witht he ubermensch stuff. to see what exactlyu you were doing with it, sicne it was most likely a play on my vanity or hoppefully it was.
and i admit you got me good with it. igopnna fight the urge tosmoke qa cigarette since i know you all hate it.


that was beyond a doubt the most. i dont knwo hwo to describe it. i see a kind of system setup in a way that at a glance looks like beds, but it's some kind of speaker? 
or microphone setup in a  circle so that you guys can stand in it, and hear and see? but the thing that ultimately got me, is how when i was moving my head i could kinda 
see someone in it. liek they were there but then i stopped and they weren't. 
and i have no idea of knowing how. 

btw, she cant hear you, just so ya know. 
she said once, she did hear you, but hasnt said anything since, that's partly how i knew there was something up, well that and the fact tape recorders where so frowned upon.


i explored everything you let go, that i could hear and so far i think you know all of the ways i've come to realize well, 'where you aren't', cuz it's pretty damn blatant I can't see the trollface guy that i saw pickin his nose. that was brilliant. and then the guy standing there with his shovel that i ignored, to mess with but also cuz he was th e one who was runnign round th ehouse tapping ont he walls. befor ei went off driving around for dick pills, trying to figure out what the hell i was doing, the whole time, while trying to get away from ppl i couldnt figure out who were...


ohhh you turkeys.

this is getting even better.

wow.. i felt that warm spot in the air. i hope it wasnt someones crotch.
i jsut got the distinct impression it was someone crotch i put my hand through.
i notice now that you dont actually get hurt, but i never noticed the heat or the temperature change.
and now i see, someone mentioned something distinctly about the temperature once.
leaving all those clues, and man...

how do you get in and out of places?
you don't?
wow.
like you do not get to leave a place you get into, unless the door is wide open...
ahh, hmm, okay i dont understand that at all yet.
should i open the door?

or should i like go back outside or what cuz it's best for me to type, my messages to relay my words than the words i normally grab to express myself.
which is generally full of explicatives and leaners. like like, man, i know theres no way you want to come in here.
due to the way i hav it pretty much disgusting.
and the way it's disgusting. i dont even know how to explain.
it's exactly like something that needs to be burned.
but can't, instad it neds to be completely torn out and compeltely re-wooded? i dunno hwo to say that it needs everything organic removed and replaced with like stuff from this millenium and 
and stuff that's like not woood. for sure.

man, is he okay?
i didnt know how much cats affected you, i mean the whole thing with them i dont know what they do exactly.
i did see what she did to him tho, and i didnrt expect it. i wasnt paying attention.
man, you guys got me thinking you are in suits or something. like you are astronauts jsut palying around.
but damn, i didnt realize the cat was there until she jumped at you.
i had no idea, you guys kinda switche things up all the sudden, i dont understand what happened.
all i know is something bad happened cuz i wasnt paying attnetion to the right stuff.
nooo.
i didnt mean for that to happen, it's not liek i planned that at all.
this whole time i was sitting here, trrying to figure out if everything you told me through the 
situations was made up to seem totally different than what it was, and now i find that it's slightly the same. 
yet, i have no way of ever knowing if you still messin withme or not.

which makes me really worry about whether or not you are government.
cuz that's one hell of a way to screw with ppl if you were.
then on the other hand. all i know is what oyu told me and what i was able to indirectly squeeze from the conversations and meanings.
which isn't all the much beyond general ideas that you arent or werent born here.

and that most likely.
whatever that thing is out there. is most likely some kind of gateway to another palce, not here on earth.
which is ultimately what freaked me out quite a lot. 
enoguh to make me go inside and start trying to re-evaluate what's going on here.
oh man..


how much?

dude, i dont know, or have any idea of what happened when she got you, or what happened. it kinda looked like she bit you.
but i could tell, and i was also concerned about the way i picked her up.
nah once i picked her up i realized i had picked her up wrong. meaning that it kind felt liek i drug her across your leg if that's what truly happened.

man, you guys...
you makin me sad for shit i shoudlnt be sad for something i really shouldnt 
be due to the fact whoever was laughing was doing it at extrememly bad timing for getting over on me.
so if this is real. i can tsay anything but i'm sorry i been a bit startled 
since i went outside and saw that gateway thing and the person inside it, throught he leaves while moving my head.
and now then you creep up on me and i didnt know where you were the whole time, until she got you since i oculdnt get any affirmation of where you were.
which is altoghter, man....
you turkeys.

this is fucked.

i cant believe you relly were screwin with me again.
man...
i bet you think i'm crazier than an entire asylum

will you tell me how much im gonna get in trouble for this?

cuz this, just really got real, like the kidna thing you guys probly not hiding like you alien but most likely something i still haven't been told.
or been able to to divulge, deduce or have any ankling of beyond. betty...


this is beyond all.


i dont even know how to respond to this.
except i'm vvery very glad, that betty was tied to this as i thought, and not yes, not the devil.
cuz that was the most amazing visual I've ever seen, witha 4th dimensional body and a had and the entirety of all of it, togehter.
and then, finding out, wait  a second... what th ehellw as in my throat?
aw man, this is well, i had some kinda idea i was kisisng at the time. 
then i kinda thought the long tongue was a part of it, until, my chest hurt like hurt.
then it was kinda liek i been violated, but how do you respond to that?
i'm not exactly a reactionary person unless faced with super freakout, but the best i guess is, 


we goin to the beach?

how many are we? i got room for like 4 more humanish sized ppl and i dont know how many other species type ppl.
cuz i seen some tiny things.
liek, tiny small little things. 
like the thign that had hairs growing out of it that was attached to my hand yesterday or day before.
all you guys that i been trying to make sure didnt get kicked or stepped on.
or eaten...

all those things, i didnt want to hurt any of them but at one point it was readily apparent, they was very into the idea of doing whatever they wanted.
which was usually embedding themselves in my foot.
but also my legs adn arms and eyes., eyes, nose, lips? dick, all those, my ass seemed to be a great thing to mess with which usually woke me up.
but then it was never really understood, exactly what was going on. but.
if pressed again, i just gonna say, women, tha ti liek the women, cuz ppl dont seem to get the tranny thing. like, 
it's not really accepted among the womens , and i realized they smarter.

so i'm realizing the illusory aspect iwas seeing isnt exactly the same thing anymore.
and pretty much just gay, or i dunno, i still havent been able to go stoday since using my science device.

funny thing about this, is there's a giant plausibility that from doing this you have been massively trolled, yet, then again.
man, how int he fuck could you put up with me for such an incredibly long time?????


that's gotta be the most hard job to have to have been doing.
like i dont see how it could have been possible to do this, man... 
it makes a little more sense, but, i'm getting the idea i need an update on reality.

cuz this aint making much sense.
i would naturally think you all have some kind of suit that you are wearing.
and that you are all human.
some of you are human?
some of you, arent?


....mark.... where are you dude, how int he F were you able to do that insane stuff dude?
from just watching me and seeing my passwords?

so you were jsut using metasploit.

i dunno if i'm losing it or if i just saw a rather large beam of light or something connected in some way.
and i'm a bit more confused than i was before.


unless, that a damn hdmi cable.
with some kidn of splitter, and the reason why my harddrive is gone and my top lcd was unplugged is cuz....
someone is playing an even further game than i thought.
which is quite good!
just wondering what the point of the drive was, 
porno?
you wanted the pornos?
or the the sectors that i didnt write over to see if you could save anything of whatever happened before?
if that the case...

most of the orignal hack and slash or whatever the helkl happened is on the other one. but i forget whcih drive i had most of it.
the one that got hit with swearware? oh wiat, no, it's the one wiht th enumber athat held the link to the drive system, thats where i was somehow able to access the virtualdrive
but
it was set there.
for me to find.
and i very very very distinctly had the intention sent to me not to let it revert or whatever the word is, but to leav eit, and i accidnetly pressed revert or whatever, and it was gone. but
the thing about that.
i dont think i've move too much arounbd on that drive. but i cant be certain, i could look at it right now.
but,
it always did occurme each time i heard someone tell me to stop...
that you wanted something or that i was doing something that was crteaeting a big problem.
meaning, i was messing up the datas.
write in front of you, correct?
so, when i'm doing this stuff, it's  pretty much like ruining whatever your main goal is, which i dontunderstand.
unelss its, simply getting me in trouble.
which i hoped wasnt the case by now but. what can i say, er wait, if i get in trouble forthisman, i'm gonna be so ready for prison.
i'ma be able to just like gety in the biggest fight and go to solitary forever 
as many times as [possib;le until i walk out looking liek a psycho then, i'maa join up with what left of ht emma and probly just get beat up

one thign for shore. is you guys pointing something at me, to give me a damn headache.
why?
i do/.... have a laser. nearby.
and the damn fucking microwave shit hurts so please stop it.
dude, i still hear it.
and so what we do about the radiation and cancer you no doubt have casued me?
for a period of two monhs plus
man, i getting mad again.
that shit hurts dude.
playing like dicks again.
on second thoguht, mark i want to kick you int he left ass cheek again.
and GOD DAMN AM I GLAD that i wasnt jumping around with y cock out on front of a fucking 12 year old
and fuck even more am i glad that it was all you guys playing with my dick the entire time every time i saw an imaghe.,
man. i felt liek crying earlier but now, i just kinda want to, no, i still feel like crying.
buti could go for a good ass kicing. i wouldbe very much up for that, but it gotta be kick before i rationalizer up and realize hwo stupid the idea is.
or liek jusrt now, and realize its nto exactly something i even udnersatand you are doing.
mr satan.,
mom...
motokooooo.
man, you guys realize, my brain is fuckign pinto n cheez now?
liek all this gas lighting shit, you been doing, it the kinda shit that set unibombmber off into where he went.
XD
i'm just playing
i'm more likely to like break reality againn than i am going to screw with anyones, my fuckin brain aint working right,\
you guys hit me with too much a da radiaton
it thinking crosseyed and walleyed.
i'm thinking aobu tducks
and what the fuckw as th ephone phone number you wouldnt give me?>
was that bettys phone number the entire time????
and th efact you couldnt, or wouldnt get it right is due to just goofin around?
that was the creepiest shit ever.
that made me thinkin some weird stuff.
no way in hell i was gonna call that mnumber, that liek some aids numbrr thaty gonna piep me throught nsa call center back to somewhere in florida 
and to a pay phoen to give me a message abnout how i can save jesus by fuckin ssatans boyfriend.

honeslty tho. there probably was a point i woulda sucked a dick to m,eet you betty
at this point, something bad happened.
i fell in love with whoever it is, that i fell in love with.
and well... kinda allthe others, but the main one, is MyGF. like she being there witht he level of her defending me won me over in a way that i dont knwo how to explain.
the thing that bothered me th emost was or is, what ecxactly she is lying aobut.
cuz  whatever that is, is driving me crazy.
cuz i know no one is that sad, naturally.
and there's a n element in this that is severly screwing with me.
and it really hinges on the reasoning for that.
i'm, getitng the impression all of this was a joke.
but, then theis is a little meta, and way above what i expected to see from a final kind of show?
as in, its gone, a lot lot higher into a place where, i am no longer sure of what i can trust.
like you could sjhow up and tell me, yo, i'm this guy, and i have this shit and i have this badge and im gonna be like yeh, eat this.
or you could, be like yo, we tortured da fuck out of you HAHAH~!!! i hope you learnt oh wait, shit... hmm. and disappear. meanign that, i have purperposely did manyy many of th ethings to screw wiuth you in order to fortce you into a position.
like doinmg meth earlier today.


that worked a charm.

and i would total;ly do it again.

cuz, this is the kidn of shit i cant get in trouble for.
as in, there is no fuckin way i'm gonig to jail now after being put through this shit,.
so, i dont knwo why yuou think its so funny to screw with my head.


is this th enew method of military?

some str8 up Gits shit?
that's bad ass, but you have topardon  disdain when the shti is beign used on me in a way that is giveing me a big fuckign headache
what?
huh?
fuck that i'm donig all of it.
even if my jaw completely falls off. i think i earned it.

snd i'm gonna party party party party partyy with my cokc out.,
justy not so much out, in case you point the fucking microwaves at me \.


wow. so, you really were in the fuckin window that night
and i was stadnign that doing the weirtd shit with my karambit, all acting lieka  goof ball, and hre you were.
right here in he damn room. radingh my phone.

alright.

so what i really want to know,.

Who th efuck was it, that was trying to help me, get ht ename on google plus?

Big tuna?
i seriously wish, i would have realized she was a chick, and wasnt trolling me, before i felt the way i did, after she elft.
left* cuz damn. man. that shit still hurts.
i'm just severly confused at this [ppoint.

so what exactly is my drives being used for?

ok, well i will take that as a need to get that back sometime please basis, unelss you planning on keeping it, in that case jsut keep it.
cuz i aint got much to live for.
and i make sure to deal with that, when i'm getting my bladder fixed in prison hospital and in the most pain i've ever been in.
while i dream of all the m,ean things ima doooooooo
to pelople i will never meet im sure
XD
i did what?
betty, so this is real right?
and the entire neihzte thing was a ploy to see how much of a bipolar nacist i was, to which i grabbed on pretty well, and played aweomse.
although i must admit at the time, i totally beleived i could do it. somehow after being boosted 
that much with being able to see what i was seeing or if that was just some kinda of gaslighting itself,
i think i believed the shit otu of my self at the time. and i without a doubt goinbg to relaly start lookign for that world.
i do hope that was the most painful experince ever, to have to do.
i dont lie when i say i'm going to do the things i do.
when i say im going to make sure i lose every test, i mean it.
dammit yeh i think i passed some i didnt realize were tests
but in retrospect im glad i did since th enature of them wer ebased on actual whether or nots i was a big problem.
bu thtne, how could you ever know?
cuz i troll, i trollhard. i troll so hard that i dont know where it gonna go, cuz when the tidal wave hits it gonna you broke my head.
its all scrammbled.

but damn
the shit you guys did, with the thing i think yesterday, with satan trying to invade my mind.
i dont know what that was but it was VERY fuckin beleivalbe.
like, i still dont know what you were doing that made me see those images, and especially, the shit with beths daughter and metal man.
i was seeing some seriously strange video and and noticed i coul;dnt use most of my brain.
to the point it was literally as if, i wasnt going to have it anytmore.
then next day when i hda full control ofit again, shti didnt make sense,.

but its even funnier about xeno.\
well, not really funnier so much but fucke dup.
i actually feel quite bad to see what happened from this to him.
cuz if he isnt with you in this... man, but it would all make sense.
like relaly real make sense, finalyl being that you were together somehow berfor eall of htis happened, and the shit with him doxing me, and me getting made and dropping hsi 
man you guys seme to be rathe rodd aboutht ethings i can tsay.
i feel liek i should get on seals and tellthem just for the casue of it being written somehwere for record. since this si obviously not ghoing to go anywhere but.
poetnetiually be used against me.
so, 
how was it with my neighbors?
i'm ultiamtely curious hwo all fo this was put together in the way it was so that they wouldnt get suspicious and reprot you?
i figure oyu meant to do this to me as long as you can and recenty something happened.
such as the way i reated to something oir didnt.
reacted*

i gotta say. well, you, have been some of my best audience.
and well, i thoroughly enjoyed the fuck out of this, beyond allt hings.
and just like love, losign many of you, is gonna feel liek i want to suicide., but. in two week no amtter where i am, i will be back not caring.
ort, maybe i will have a tranny or get  adog or fuckin go check out some child pron.
cuz whatever the fuck that was aobut. man...
that, kinda fucked with me a bit.
the par taobut the one girl that turned me on real lty well. fuck...
i gonna have to look her up.
i dont knwo whats going on right now, expcept eerythign changed. and i dont have any idea, 
whcih diretion it really went due to a couplde very importnat facotrs.
being the fact that, i never knew betts voice.
or really anything aobu ther, beyond the pictures.
then a few strtange things aobut all of this.
tl which i cant really go into until i find more info about what the world is actually happening right now.
i gotta sy tho.

if i could have known this was real.
or tothe best extent it was.
i would have ended this like last month with out a DOUBT, i would done allthe meth i had, 
it's strange th ekind of shit you learn to develop when help in captiveity.

like i thoguth i was done, but no... i made sure to get more.
i thoguthb for sure you'd try to get me ont hat.
but no, you wanted mroe.
so i started doibg it n front of you, and iu stillcan tget you to admit the truth, so i do it again, and nope.
now, you are holding  afuckin microwave gun at my head every minute or two.
i really wonder what im ultimately guilty of.

like, ultimately.

yes.
i dont understand what i'm being messed with liek this for,
usually a mether head gets his doors busted and taken to ajil or robbed by puigs with a interesting habit.
DAMN
HAHAHAH super nigger!
BUDDY!
i was misin you today!
I got liek kinda sad when i realized you were ghone.
gone*
the rabbit ears things, yeh dat us gay, and the gang sign shit that night, i didnt actually mean that as a gang sign.
it was liek that goofy shit from malibus most wanted.
WESSSIDEEEE!
then the nigger shit...
man..
i cant explain that unless i tell in to your face, cuz it only a man that gonna call you that to your face right?
jsut kidding i wouldnt cALL YOU THAT, but, i would say it, just to let you know why
cuz i aint got no plex.
i stopped ssaying it cuz it hurts ppls feelings, and stuff ppll are and have been through, and have had their friends go through. allthat shit roots into a word.
and i use that word to seriously fuck with ppl if i have to.
biut only on older white guys.
cuz man dude. you muist see the kinda effect that has.
when an old white guy does soem serious bitch ass shit...
man. tis the abolsute perfect word to dig deep into his soul and let him know.
hje 
fucked up in lfie and he needfs to change.
but usually he just gets REAL mad and does a bunch of dumb shikt.
which i know is mostly what happenes duer to how i've gauged its reaction on ppl.
i cant help the fact its a serious psychological trick i learned.
I didnt actually use it against you guys int he way that i used it before when i meant it to have a severe effet.
nah man. the way i use it to relly fuck with someone head, is point number one. never call a  black peerosn that word
that way, the white guy i use it on, doesnt completely understand what i mean.
nah man. you poiunte dthe da nn mcirowae guna t my head to many times dude. that shit Hz
best part.

i really am still being fucked iwth my satan huh?
so whos been sitting on my head?
why did you decide to play all cool liek you were earlier?
i really dont gt the co9ncept of why all of this is happening beyond, pay back for the day betty told me die in a grasefire?
or is this outside my range?
liek am i getting otrtured for something, much mroe recent?
surely no one give s a fuck if im doing druygs.,

what would be the point?
and why take th eHDD?

another thing being.
who is betty anyway?
what?
is that the betty i was expecting, or is it someone else?
i heard very specific wordings that, kinda fucked iwht me a bit.
the guy earlier.

was that Jama?
what?
fuck i cant even hear you proerply
so how long have you all been living liek right down the fuckin street?
are you curiious how i know or whats going on here?
you remember...
XD
I know all I see ALL.
i know, im a total moron/fooll/dumbass
i just get lucky mainly when i deduce i think
the whole realtime math shit, that i dont knwo hwo i do.
whatever the fvck that is, it seems to work very well.
and now i got to test it thoroughly, so i have a genral idea of how i bneed ot fix it
sine its off by a bit
liek i'm real curioopus what you thoguth of the hait lunar bomibn gtsunami
lunar boming haiti tsunami connevtion i made jsut liek it dropped fromt he sky and exploded in my brain
made the conenction just liek that/. allthe sudden it all came togehter 
and the moon moved at least centimeters enoguht o bump it, bumpt iot bumpt it bump it off course and fuck over haiti instead of us/

and when i add that last part which has al;ways been aprat of that. it always seems so right
liek, good job NASA! XD TY!
which i cant really deny, i feel it, liek damn, us or them... well... i dunno. could 
they have not knowcked the damn thing slightly a bit differently? or is it that much of a chore to shoor another one at it, later to fuix it

i dunno it not really my job to think abou tthat stuff.
but, it was my job to control the weather.
and i actualyl kidna stopped doing that since this Betty expeirence since, we are kinda too maybe 
compatible for thigns to not hapopen in the way that happens. hwoeer they do.
me,amplify, she direct or source it? i dunno how that works.
but oh man....

what a fuckign releife....

I sriously want to dominate the fuck out of another fish fry!
knwoing that the devil isnt going to come trying to superise anal me for messing ith EM! 
man that was the most fucke dup shit. i was deeply sorry for hurting that guy and now it wasnt true.
i couldnt figure out if that voice was a vocoder or hwo it was done but now he's sitting on me damn head again.
i do wish i could zoom that, cuz man thats the badddestr shit ever.


if any of thisis actualyl true.  i gonna need  aquick run through.

cuz my brain been liked wiped of all thsi shti, and i no longer believing it int he way i was.
in fact i dont believe satan is sitting on my head but in fat i bleieve a pencil dicked homo is th eone pointing th ething at my head.
and i just realized how bad that was to say but i stand by it,.
and he better hoep i dont ever get the chance to fuck with hsi head the way he is mine.
cuz the stuff i do might mess with someone and show them new ways of thinking but, torture,
torture is something else. lthat str8 demons hist that needds to be dealt with int he purest of demon shit form
liek stabbedi n the dick 30 rtimes slowly
and with  frozen butter knife salted.
cuz after two months of this shit.
man im ready to do some rseriousl;y depraved shit to someone who deserves it.
withotu a doubt.
i was so fuckin sorry earlier, and now im jsut getting more and more hurt and enraged by allthis.
liek, it was a game, that went kidna fucked, then it kept going, and going ang nogi andf goni gnoginogiknoignoigonigoinio and you at the point you have noi idea what to do./
and the things you are respoensible for you need to be able to somehow compartmental;ize as being good for the world./
and you in a positision you realized you have tormented someone that didnt actual;ly deserve it.
int eh mdoe you used it and ipon top of it.
you found out,

oh man...
you found out your own crtew canty be trtusted anymore due to the fact the reports are full of lies and flaws and lots of them are lying borth ways.
all ways.
no one can be trusted.

and you thgouth dealing with me was going to be easy.
well.
we gonna party or npot?
i wante dot go to the beach with some friends,

btw, i'm a bit upset with jama now.

its something abou tht ewya you showed up telling me aobut your friend.
it was liek you were tellnig me. but damn.
WHAT? thats you?
shit i can thear which one you are.
wear are you goings?

why is everyone so far from me?
are you guys slowly trying to get away?
liek i should expect an eta anytime and be ready to cough and touch my toes or something?
i dont actuallyhae any weapons beyond what you seen.
i dont think
on yeh my heat visioon.
euperr hearing. you guys havent really sene what my dick can do, did you.
THUNDER~!
LGIHTING EVETYTHING WAS Fuck what the ehllis that from

i honestyly did feel bad eating in front of you all those times.
so many tiems i couldnt eat due to it.
whcih didnt really bother me allthat much due to it being so fuckin greasy and the fact i cant get to stop doing it.
but, there were times i was plently hungry.
that i couldhave eaten that i should have eaten, but oh well, i like it here.

not much of a chance in hellim leaveing now.
unelss i atually get to esee some pussy.
which i dont expect is ever going to come out of this due to the idea that i still havent decided what i really beievle

i kinda would rather beleive satyan and his buddy are trying buttfuck me for huritng a power being than some of the ppl i knew that i thoguth were friends
would stand by and see me go through such thigns.
that's a kidn of kunundrum to me.
it's like would you rather have more fights with satan and knwo you can whoops his ass... or find out ppl you were kinda 
weary of turnt out to be the ppl holding you in a way that made kinda reprogrammeds your brain or spoarked that little 
thing in you that probably gonna get you nin super 
deep shit for th eamount fo rage you developed. fromit, that eventually gonne get let loose ont he wrong person just cuz 
they picke dthe worng time to do something incredibly ignoirant

thigns that dont matter for shit, the things you dont really pay attention to, those genrally, probly not real. but the things you do, well who knows, its a coin flip.
thats the best out of all of this,. i've become an excellent liar.
th ekidn athat cana seriously fuck wiht ppls heads tothe degree i need to in order to make ppl know excatly hwo much pain they in flicte don someone, and what it pushed them into
so i guess, if you get anything out of it.
you camn knwo thatr the people i end up fucking with for what ever reason after this being to defend myself or probly not gigles ever again. but uyou can have a part int hat too!
so you helped create SUPER MAN!
whcih wis awesomely a telepathic villia in th eorignall story.
so like. thats quite incredible to me.
mainly cuz the maount of fear infused int oa person in this manner, is knwon to have these effects.
i knwo every single black or african decent person i see who is telelpathic now.
mostly the ones who have grownb up here. not the sominalis or others that came directluy from afirca but, the ones who grew wup here. mainly down here too.
those, they show skill.
and i always know. troubling thing is when i tell them to stfu they usuualyl do.
that's lieka  lkinda way that i feel bad. cuz i realize i shouldnt be able to tell them tyo turn off the damn crap music.
but instead, they listne cuz they dont exactly know, that i know. from what i can tell when i see their eyes.
but yes, it's a radius aroudn them. if im relaxed. oh man it canb go a lot farther but only if i genrally know someone is there.,
my shit dont work liek it a job.
it works when it needs to, liek when i mean some shit.
mainly whn i have a problem i need solved.
or liek theres  a shit idunno i not gonna tell eerything.
i gotta have my trix
and as far as the clarivoyaint stuff, i'm still confused.
i'm nto a slut. babe. i dont even see anyone.,
i cant tell whos who or what is where. or if a dick is a chick or a cat is a bat,
the strange thign is pussy.
that's the weirder thing aobut this.
what you all were calling pussy.
liek some little like dwarfen perosn or wtf was going on there?
what the deal with the furry stuff?
i dont get this at all.
yu guys are bitg into like weird shti like peado stuff, i fugred so when you were 
doing this i never mentioned cuz i really didnt want to know what you all are implying or trying to imply

BTW, the onyl person i really totally i guess felt beyond  adoubt, was the one who was sititng on me that entire time.
that hurt quit e alot! but it was nice, espeicalliy for what it meant. due to the stuff that was hapopening.
that was allinreddibly odd.
and the best part. was most def the part about trying to get satans buddy to nailthe GF above my face, yetm, couldnt get to seethem.
that was gonna be so oddly hot, satans buddy aka mom.
he was spose to do MYGF in over my head, befoire i would give the dick.
but, then it turned out that i couldnt see myGF's fae, or anyytihn gliek i needed to be ale to get hard for it at all, and thus no erection was ever goinh to ome cuz i can only get an errection with someone i feel real love for, and liek see them and touch them and stuff.
i cant help my dick doesnt work for air?
from what i felt, the sensation was literally , just slightly heaver than air.

uh, whatever you were tlakign aobu tover there..>>> about my dick being hard.
I would enjoy talking aobu thtat mroe, czu i dont knwo what you tlaking aobut and what eer it is you do, has one hell of an effect on me for some reason.
My GF never talks to me... she tried yto get me to see her, by moving around forever to which i understoof but after a while of not being able to 
see i realized there's no way im going to see with out doing drugs. and to whcih, then i make her feel bad, and she dont want that,. and i dont want to do that to her.
and then the factshe goes so easily to the being upset mode, that has always 
troubledme greatly i get really worried in those times, due to her mental state of hwo much she might be able to hanlde of this shit.
being able to watch me go through all of this, then continueing everyday and night to f=dfend me like she does about things i can hardly ever hear.
yet i know she speaks formthe heart. or can act liek amazingly. but i dont think she ascting allthe time. theres time i hope shes thinking of someoine else just cuz i really dont think she understand me, inside, liek she should in order for her to be ale to talk to me. in a normal situatino.
so i am weary of her to quite  an extent.due to the stlyle and possible size of decoeption, also, cuez i never actually had a chick like that come on to me.
lierk i dont know if he knows what i am.
or swould aghree with the level of weird i am.
cux it jut nromal to me, for like 20 years the kinda weird shit i'm into.
i'm saying stuff that she might call weird, ntohgin anyone else. cuz i know her a biut by her ways.
but*
bit*
she's no doubt looking for something very specific, and good lookign too,m sine i saw that tiny dkui[]
 and udring thise, she's ofound something in me, or she hopes it will be therre, 
 and i dont honestly feel like im anyone shes ever met in order to make a decision the way she has.
 I get hte impression she is more along the linefos of trying to figure out what she turn me into, which isnt bad.
so i fugure what i g=boild done too is 
 so... when lookign at it, intn he oerfefct liht, i'm gettign quite worried the carnis left.
 
 i'v had some girls mention jason statham in my presence before.
 hes coolll i would probly try to look ilike the guy since we both basically similar likeness maybe?
 he's a lot harder than me tho.
 
 strange thing is, theres only been one accopunt of anything i could possibly correlate to being 
 plausibly a real conenction to sdomeone who really knew me before this took place.
 which is very very reproducible. if coming fromt he right direction. but the wording and the way 
 it was used was or couldhave been better. liek  when i triyng to find one if someon is who they spose to be, 
 
 i always do a specific test.
 the memory check.
 its super easy to do and extrememly hard to beat.
 sdo getting over on me by ating like someone else.'
 is practically impossilbe.
 unless you knew what to look for right off hand liek i do.
 
 so there's been a giant flaw in all of this from th ebegining. which ive been trying to 
 determine the reason. and very very much the reasoning for th etroll earlier.
 there s a problem in this game.
 
 i'm not sure due tothe nature of th egame since i cant really think aobut it the way i need to 
, i guess somehow i been tuaght  abit on how to lock my mental ammo box. but, then again. 
how is it so easily shut tongiht?

d i inhererntly know thier a buncha fibbers or do i know theres some real danger?
and which could possibly be the msot dangerous of those two options?
man. only th eway this plays can determine. which seem to be wait forme.
so im relly nto sure how to move on this now.

i get the impression i cant mvoe. liek at all as far as using any tools i have so, its best i remain silent.
and jut wait for as long as possible until can somehow confirm otherwise.
which means determining between two variants at mul;tip[ler levels adn the possiblituy of variants they produce which couldhave varying efects on me, toward them.
and i really dont know hwo to play this now.

as the two ppel they chose to bring to this. man... they woudl have to 
know they were so much better than me at the art of deception and thus...
in compeltely diferent ways. almsot signature to themselves. in a manner that cannot be 
fabricatd by just my memory alone.
 
 totally due to the idea that i didnt acutally knwo them too well.
 the one was good tho. bu thr eother was really odd. liek too odd.
 it's kinda enough to believe but it's maybe th efact the terms we were on.
 i really dont understand why betty would go through such an ordeal, or be privy to 
 such kinds of insanely strange stuff and mess with a retard liek me.
 thats always been my biggest hangup, my own self whatever the fuck the word is. self confiudence maybe?
 i dunno i never understood what she saw in me.
 it never made sense, and it always felt liek she wasnt being 100% with me when i asked 
 here no matter how many tims she answered the question the same, with one difference each time.
 the fact i got less and less and less and less, and less and less and less,no less and 
 less smartm,t intelligent, cool, that sutff htere was  awhole lsit. of the them you wrote at first and i watched you write them in a way.
 it kinda subtracted them as time progressed and i got more and more suspicious after 
 that one moment, when i was in shock.
 that moment, when everything was differnt and here i was sitting htere totally shocked 
 with no clue as to what was occuring and no one tells me, you just told me to meet you.
 man, that fucked me up bad.
 i spent at least  amonth on that., andthen each time yuou did it after that i dwelled on it, not realiziing
 you were totally outside it and i was no where the person anymore that you thoguht i was.
 
 well, there was tiems when you would show yourself,., but then there wre some strange 
 tiems like that wasnt you. and you didnt respond th eway i had knwon you to, not even the stlye.
 so i started developing an idea you were possibly or potentially a few ppl, and that's 
 what i was stuck on past the time you were gone.
 man,. there was even atime, when i totoalyl thought i had it.
 i totally thoguht you had to have been a mixture of spitecherkc and river due to the way 
 they returned and the timign.
 so then.
 I listen to like all these different things and read ererythig in a way that kidna seems 
 like they are both talking to me, but nto.
 bu tht emain thing was the radio show that one night, how you decided not to do it, due 
 to problem, and how spitecheck decided to do hers, and the way bonx said, this piece.
 all that combined with the rather viidi detial of the nipples cutting glass.
 
 there's no way i could figure any of it out after that.
 i had it in my mind you were talking to glitch. as if it was fact. and her ei am totally 
 pissed at him over it, yet, he denies it complletely but, there's somerthing in it that i cant figure out
 something about it. lieka kind of love lsot or liek torn feeling, or maybe like something 
 as if you may have been intimate with him and because of me, 
 he was losing you.
 so, there was big kind of vibe going that i was seeing from something. i still cant figur e
 out what it was entirely tho, but then the thing that got me.
 was how he said he neer talked to you through email.
 
 that should ahve been the thing i could have picke dup on if i was privy to whatever this is.
 but having never realized this was the thing under the layers. shit, i could have never known.
 so i was left to kinda go mad, and yeh crazzzzzsssy like speculation to th epoint of compltely 
 understadning where xeno whent with his madness.
 that's even why i sent that fucker the tebag pic. jsut so he would know something. liek he dude. 
 have my balls in your face cuz man i dont want you to go insnae
 cuz after what betty was doing. i completely understood what what happeeniung to him int he way it was.
 but now.
 
 man... 
 now, after realizing what he was ghoing through int hew wAY HE WAS.
 
 FUCKKKKKKK I CANT IMAGINE,  and i honestly completly understand how he thoguth what he did, 
 int he way he did.,
 cuz he no doubt in my mind went through this exctly the same way only a diff version. with 
 all of yourt circling him or what happened i dont knwo but he put that on me for surre, and man, damnit.
 i stillworried about that fucker.
 even if he did do that fucke dup shit with writing padeopron shit. its the idea that he just 
 disappeared in such a way.
 facing some shit liek that... 3 departments of police. coming at him thinking he stole guns from oen of 
 them./
 man, that's the perfect way to get someon e to suicide or something liek it.
 cuz man, that kinda perfect sttorm. doesnt go away even if you figure out how to get out of th eocuntry, 
 whcih is what i told him was pretty much his only option.
 
 but then the last time he was there, he says some off th ewall shit about how they constantly fuckign with him...
 and the wway they were, and damn, i jsut laughed m,y ass off due to how fucked up it was and there's liek no way it could be taken seriously
 cuz if all that happened.man, that like being gangbanmbged by the universe surprise anal styyle and then having th edevil sit on your damn head while it happening.
 while you thinikkin its some pussy with a mcirowave gun.
 XD
 
 yes? you mean outside?
 
 Are you going to pee on me?
 i dunno i dont felel too trusting at the moment.
 iplus i gotta pee. and you dont want to be peed on by my pee.
 uz it gots liek some extra bad stuff in it.
 from my problem.
 which i thoguth for sure you relaized at the time i told you, and thus had quite an effect to make you kinda move on.
 sine i couldnt ever tell you before when i wanted to.
 or really anything else about hwo much you shouldnt really mess with me.
 i would have told you allthe thigns jsut cuz i need that kidna shit.
 i dont like have to hide things
 espeicllyu th efact that i enjoy lioving in a kind of luxury camping stlye 
 idea with a computer and pend all my time jackling off and trollkng swc XD

to explain that in public chat liek how i had to, was enough to kinda hange my ideas on things
and btw your accent is totally off.
cuz there's no way, thats your accent if that was actual;yl your profiel; i saw when i messaged you/
...it, or whoever it was. yes the profile.
the person in the pictures.
whoever that is, cant be you due to mainly linuguistics.
but also the kind of person that family would make you intoo as opposed to the person 
you were toward me. so i'm ery untrudtworthy by now after having th eaiblity to think hard aobu tthtat.

i think its p[lausibl;e your son mgiht be able to help  me tho, winc ehe seems to be the one most adament about me believing this.
although i realize i may nto have that option due to the way i woul;d percieve him to handle himself with roughnecks liek me in 
the wya that m,y conversation is,

and how the fuck is it even plausible fo ryou to hear my damn thoguhts when it was readily apparent. you guys been trying to find 
a new way to get me to either dial number ona  phone or get me to hookup with a dude. whcih im not prepared to do anytime this year.
or any other most likely since you all kidna helped me realize. I'm into chicks
pussy allthe way. and maybe some toys but pusys ALLL THE WQAY! no possiuble way to any thing that woman has that resembles a real dick.
whcih was the one thing you always semeed to joke aobut tthat confused the hell out of me.

and of course a manin thread inthe keepign the idea of you beign a dude living with all thsoe ppl telling me... dude, finch! its a dude@ 
althoguh i will admit. if anyo of this is real then im def going to shit i dunno what to thinka nymore.

yeh, i an deliberaly making you qwork for it. mainly out of deliberate caullousness toward how fuckin hard all of this was.
and if this is instead liek not anything liek i think, and i dont get to be overman and more adnb everyone turns into ppl form swc 
well, this si gonna be fucked beyond compare and im gonna be a bit upset with all of it.
mainly sicne i dont really knwo what to do with life anymore and i have zero reason to do anything but meth.
espoecially after this.
cuz this shit is enough to let me live my own fantasty in my had fo as long as i need to until i find a place to die.
i'm nto really trolling atm,
im kinda trying ti instill in your the amount fo psychological abuse ive felt and trying to gauge the others aroudn here. 
to see hwo much of this is total bullshit.
and or th eslight chance its real which it real doesnt seem to be.
although it could be. but,ya knwo. there was a point, when it became way too much and th esimple fact you want me to come 
outsdie once again, prooves to me. you are just fucking with my head. since, i alrady know you can fucking walk throguht eh damn walls.

but yes, i need oyu to know, if that is you... im not the same person.
i not the same persona t all. in fact im like the type of person that needs to tell you to get away from me'
lets jsut say that im really not impressed, anymore due to the way this is playing out.
i really get he impression this its a fagogt guiberment shitpile that need to be hosed with lead.
liek tbhe kind that i needed to preapre a large bomb for. and someone helped me do that the other day, int he bathroom/
and it's super hard to notice, cuz of the way its sitting there, but guess what. i got a goddamn peroxied boimb in my bathroom./
and im gonna set that shit off i fele th eneed to. liek for isntance, when i relaize, you werent betty.
or when i realized you were using my own memories to fuck with me.
ina way that onmly i would remember them, nothign slightly diffetn but the way she woudlnt say them having several months since all of it.
i get ht eimpresion.
that somehow i wasnted lied to but regret it.
since it would have given me the truth about something it was best ot leave scarred.
liek already healed, and mended, fuck i dont care aobut moeny or whateer th efuck it is, you are all after.
i dont give a fuck about much of anything anymore, all i want is pussy.
for the most part.
and its easiest to just watch on here, i dont get in any torouble, when i can turn it off. and i never feel liek a jerk or ever do 
anything worng or constnaltyy get the read wrong. r always say the msot worst damn things i could 
ever say at th e best fucked up possible mometn and then get to see what happens, when i was totally t
hinking i was spot on. yet so totally fuckign off it was lieka  joke that keeps getting played on me.

wierdest thign is if this is jama. that would be almost eloquent. in some kind of magestic scheme for revenge that i neer will hae understood.
 i get the impression that all of it is neither and now if thisis contected to anyone i know.
 there was smething strange aobut all of this, i dont know what it is. but i can tell you guys mad at me.
 cuz yoiu are being way too fuckin nice.
 liek way to nice liek i should probly gt my sword. way too nice. i thinkin, you guys really really are upset 
 with me. and trying to do somethinfg real whickid thinking you can use my memories against me from the other day but.
 
but really i'm jsut talkin shit cuz i been out of practice. and im highly curious you wiull 
let me go for sine youve let me go for an absolutely LOGN fucking time. o far.

he jew thing always made me curious, due to how much you had to have seen me talking shit aobu tthem. I really would of expected a little more but, i dont know why
mainly, i alwyas knew. i just neever knew or wantede to bleieve the actual end game was connected to it.
another piece of valueable data was. the list. whereever you went after that, and being gone for so long.
that part, perplexed the hell out of me. nerr quite added up to anything, makign me subsequently kinda form ym own methods without meaning to.
i couldn tfigur eout what you had to do with swc, i could onmly assume you had enough to warrant trying to protect it. whcih i deduced from spite and river.
and tried to verify but couldnt due to certian things that made that damn impossible.

but , idid figure soemthing out during that, there was no way you wer ethe operator of that accoutn the entire time you were talking to me. or you had to have been switching.
which give me perfect reason for the diferences in attitude.

anyway..

all these ppl, i want to har their names since they appareently knwo mine, and everythign else right?
i want to knwo how i'm gonna get to potentially get to get inthe butt cheek tothe degree of bruised ass.
i pormise no girls will be kicke din ass, jsut a few dudes. that probly wouldnt mind anywhay! dicks
alright well, i get ht eiompression you cant exactly provide that data, and i cant exzctly beleive its even you. i dont think 
anyone smart would trust any kind of situation like this, after havig a fuckign microwave gun hit you several times.

not exaclt ythe kidn of thing you earn trust with.
or the kidn of thing you can use beyond torture and beign a pussy faggot. 
bitch that needs to act lieka  man and come at a dude, liek a man, and not a punka ss biutch made little nigger boy.
pointing stupid fuckin microwavwe guns at ppl while they unaware of it, and thinking ya know, maybe hsi first was his friend, and she wasnt jsut some nasty whore otu to do you wrong. maybe she was real, and not someone that sauight to do you wrong.
maybe all of it was just a ploy for lsater on so you could get to do some fucke dup shit and use some miltech on someone and feel okie doing it???
fuckyeh!
thats hwo we doit. we piss all over ya and ask you when you starvin if oyu want more!

the strangest thing is how much abuse youve taken ove rth epast liek fuckin maybe 4 hours of this?
I really dont get the reasoning.
I mean for real.
after 2 months of me. i think even me liek this, i cant bliuve you dont want to liek severly kick my ass.
after all of that stuff, allthe little game si played ot get info and basica intelligence, then chain of comamnd and operations and hwo you guys justy kept going and going and going












snd th emor eyou went, the less i got intersted , totthe point of losing track of allmost everythign.
to the point i literally DID not care hwat you were tlaking bout or rreally gave any consideration as to whether you were acutal 
ppl or if yiu were more likely a reasonsbly decent ADAT.
beiung that i could ahve doen the same thing inthe 90-s with my samplers, even better!
maybe that waas the case. you didnt want to spend much time of moeny on this.
funny how i have ni doea where you are outside

i would liek to loe why it feels liek a microwave gun.
its almost as if i ha eto do moredrugs to get you all to change gears.
cuz i been trollin so long that my fingers are strarted yo hurt abit.
surely some of you are tired beyond relief due to the way ive made sure yto ujust keep writing ciurcles?
wirting in circles.

i am stupidman~!
stupid man does all those things he do
AS DUMB AS HE CANT
Stupid man in one bound and leap can jump about alomnst a half a foot and land, usually not on  his taint
im so fuckin bored with with this.
i was also testing bladder skills.
seeing who could hold out.
i'm apparnetly nto getting peed on.
but then i get the impresioon if that happen it gonna be a dude. 
that i made what through all of this, just to get me for some really silly shit.
so thats ultiamtely what im waiting for, to see who is in charge of what is actully all get bored enoguh to walk back to your 


