TWO BEAUTIFULLY WONDEROUS WOMEN THAT ARE SO MUCH DIFFERENT FROM EACH OTHER, 
AND YET I THOUGHT WERE ORIGINALLY THE SAME PERSON, BECAME A CONFUSING PAIR.
ONE, A DEFENDER OF A SICK MAN TO THE POINT OF EPIC INCLUSION INTO AND UNTO HIS HEART.
WINNING HIS AFFECTION BETWEEN DIMENSIONS, AND POSSIBLE EARTHLY CONTEXT.
THE MAN A MIXTURE OF WHAT WILL BECOME MUD, WATER, AND WHAT MIGHT BE OR BECOME SOMETHING VERY ELECTRIC. 
AND HER A FORCE OF PERSISTENCE AMONG HER WORLD, EXISTING ETERNALLY 
AS TO WHAT THE MAN COULD ONLY EXPLAIN TO BE A WHIRLWIND OF PASSION, COMMITMENT, AND UNDYING BUT COLORFUL DEVOTION.
EXISTENCE FOR HER IS COMPLETELY FOREIGN TO HIM, HER WORLD, HER FAMILY, TOTALLY FOREIGN TO HIM.
YET, THROUGH THIS BRIDGING OF WORLDS, HE FOUND HER TO BE SUCH A GOOD PLAYER HE OFFERED HIS EVERLASTING LOVE ONLY TO FIND OUT SHE IS A AN IDEA HE CANT EXPLAINN AS A  GENTLEMAN.
THE KIND OF SITUATION, IF HE WERE ABLE TO SAY NO, HE WOULDN'T, JUST CUZ HE KNOWS, HE'D BREAK HER IN HALF WHILE AROUSED.
WERE SHE IN HIS WORLD AND SHE CAME TO HIM. HE'D BE SO SUSPICIOUS SHE WAS GOING TO POISON HIM, HE'D TELL HER IT'S OKAY.
Just to make it right, cuz his love will last for her, although recently shaken to the point of seeing something past her goal with him.
she hates him, and loves how much she loves to hate him, and she wants him to see her and know how much she can show him and be for him.
yet, he's a blind man until a point he can't see. the world is a cruel place for someone in such a situation.
the exact situation superman has always had with his love interests, 
the true nature of criminals coms when they target your family and those you can't stop from getting to close.
in this situation, it's even that much more dangerous due to the fact, everytime, 
he like superman can't stop from going through her, like he was given viagra and a diesel engine. and never had that ever even been sexual in any context of the word.
Her, so much wanting the caress and affection of an iron giant, that he can only feel sorrow for due to his heavy armored appeal to her.
and yet, she plays and slays his shields on his desire of her. she knows he cant deny her, and he knows... he knows he would never deny her.
Yet, how does a story progress? it's his own fault for having played the game right?
The game of love is cruel mistress sometimes.
and her to him, is such a loving and strong will toward his ability to no longer be blind but instead force him to see her.
and when he does, he knows she's going to do all those things he knew she should... 
and he will undoubtedly let her, just for the sake of showing her he does love her.
but, like we go, how can we proceed, when the actual hero of the story, 
is a total outlaw of her universe, to the point of him knowing if he did show affection 
that she needed from him, that all his enemies, every single episode would make sure to include her in their nefarious business...
and him there, as useless as a guy playing 5 knunkle shuffle cuz nothing can touch him through his heavy armour core of logic and persistence of vision.
it makes him sick with sorrow so many times he even sometimes wants to beleive 
it's all an act to play a predesigned version of a shakespearian tale that ends with him, finally tricking himself into
doing what he had alwayts thought of doing so many times before those days of their compassion...
the inside seats they had, would remain open for every showing and he would buy into the acts, giving them pointers on how they could use their new found weapons of thought and abilities 
they've awoken better against him. and he knows one day, his weapons designed and hardened through all those years of fighting that gave him his first class seat for the show...
the idea of his weapons of sport, when shown to the wrong people can be used against him in all those ways without having been able to attach any form of instructions to the design in why they were made for sporting, 
the compassion they show him and his eternal open door to his innner most sacred thoughts... he's held them in their roles so long they no longer had their real names.
He made them unknowingly lose themselves, and from him they became the most brilliant of captors.
the kind that could torment him so avidly and robustly that when they read the words he send's them every night before lights out.
they'll see the way to remove him, they'll see their plan was flawlessly given the keys to his heart.
those keys, that when turned in the same timings the way he had daydreamt about during his monologues that his lonely depraved excursions into so many forms of fetish and debasement.
were the in they needed, his attention to things of importance. no longer could exist. like spending hours drunk in extacy being so unavoidably obnoxious with his closeness to something that 
obviously couldnt have been responding. Probably due to the state of being he had discovered talking to an imaginary version of his future self which was of course The God almighty himself...
Knowing he was so full of shit the entire time started learning how to trick himself with the help of an arrow recently embedded in his heart.
all he ever wanted was suicide, so many times before all of this, and here he is, finally... the surefire mode they found, into his serious exploitation 
was also his sole desire for their ability to destroy him from the inside.
they had all the tools he gave them sitting in an armoury they had forgotten about built just to store the naively built viciously malicious constructions. 
So careless with his designs was he, he had even used those same creations against them without realization so many times. 
As the object of attention, he was off guard, he was enamoured by the thought of spending so much time with them now. 
in a manner that might have them soften to his approaches.


then come to find out the motherfucker had been a faggot.
the other passengers in his murder mobile had been kinda playing with the mirrors and instruments, making him understand ideas he knew were complete delusions.
he loved playing with himself in such deprived ways. he found so much pleasure in the feelings he so often had, begin seen doing such nasty things.
he had never even thought their would be those that would be enjoying it...

and Here he is now, unknowingly staring into a void that makes him feel a kind of feeling that he doesn't understand. 

at such a vast audience, face to face with people who need to steal his soul.

Telling them it's a game they are playing, and even telling them the design of his play at a game with no rules for him, but for them law...
Gets bold even, begins making up stories about how he has become famous during all of it...
Famous... in what regard? Famous to his actual real enemies. a kind of enemy he cannot defend against nor kill.
and he really doesnt have anytthing left but to try seeing if they will ever show him whatr he isnt allowed to see.

since of course, during the process of writing this, was able to use his entire audience, some 9-10 million entities of a persuasion he never could have saw coming...
, all sharing a kind of link to my daily doings, which now include bringing self-affirmed demons to heaven, so i can show heaven how much they deserve to be in paradise.
Finding that, I'm edging the verge of committing what seemsa to most likely be heinous acts of subterfuge 
for the sake of showing them my love for them is as real as I felt I had been taught of.
 
a weighing of sorts...

at the point of having the  he wont allow them to win due to the nature of the game he stopped playing not having rules he could even know about.
 

of those that wanted him so badly with them in their world.
but damn was he going to make them work for it...


always had that notion right on the other side of reality   
yet managed to find hard logic in those delusions. forcing himself into such a strange new position

thart just loved pussy the entire time, couldnt admit to himself he was but was/is such a coward he would rather them hate him, than


 
to come to his world. for the mere possibility they could see and feel all the things he finds to be the epicenter of happiness and living. 
so he could sin the kind of sin you dont ever get to. so thoroughly enjoyed basking in became a light

feeling the warmth of female attention, the comfort of their hearts trying to tell him what he was too stupid to hear...
discovering all those age old battles he could have only ever known had he been able to learn from others. or known from televsion or  with the 
e could be led so easily 

FRIENDSHIP THEY SHARE MAY HAVE BEEN THROWN IN JEOPARDY DUE TO A NAKED MAN 
WITH A STRANGE APPIETITE FOR SHARING A KIND OF LOVE
HE CANT LET GO OF, AND 


during his time spent filling in the past trying to make it more enticing for them to play with him, 
somehow being told, let in, it's his own older self telling him again, pseudogod... his buddy the timexlord

realizing his arrogance is the reason for the kind of dimensional weight that literally has demonds falling out of the sky into his lap...

fuck man, this whole time, last three months i've been merged with such a strange situation, i now find myself in a hell i've created myself, of my own doing.
I realize I even called the demons to me, 
I told them so many times of my weaknesses every step of the way, gave them pointers and weapons of so many varying disparate consequences,
coached them about how to make and use those weapons, themselves. Was so fuckin arrogant I helped them multiple times so they could fight me better, 
so they could win as much as they could against me, which they did with me now realizing, I am indeed a bastard and a sadist.
I cant believe iwas so blind to.
i guess its a good thing ima sadistic fuck...
cuz now, i do understand.

now i really nose.

 i coulda been getttin real pussy. 
 here i am in florida, the underside of satan's cock, thinking it's time i maybe hug those nutz...
 
 here is where you just might find a pussycat that could be strange enough to follow you down to,
 and yet, once you got a good grip of those balls, found that...

 you done become the big ol lil cocked baby demon killer kinda guy who you didnt even know was a realshit 
 or a bullshit until well after doing lots of illegal shit, on purpose, for the sake of, trying to figure out what's real and what's not. 
 
 Sound faire??
fuck no justice is a cruel mistress whoo buttfucks you after she deathfucked each of your wives and stole your soul to use against an army
 
 
 you saw the pics of your foot chopped off. that wasnt phtoshop that was demon art yo...
 
 you lusted after pussy so much, and tried so litle to get it, the appitete just grew, 
 and grew, and grew...

 until you starved to death and grew one too, then da gay happnt... 
 got your dildoes in the mail,
 would treat them like disposable cameras.
 until you were so fuckin afraid of it, that, you became it?
 
 
 you find, later on, through some suspected connections 
 you've had demons in your trees most of your life.
interloping on you practically your entire life.
spyin on you, well, thats what spies do.

getting you to do stupid shit, and bad shit, 

so first you got into poker for the  psychics.
started finding a psychic circle that existed kinda allowing use of hypnosis, 
and find one who was extraordinarily strong, 
who with your best readings would give you no confirmation of such, 
forcing a kind of ominous doubt to cloud your entire being...
realizing pretty much they had the ability to cheat luck by remaining faceless, 
using clairvoyance making math a form of deception of physics and probability, 
they could work to undermine site integrity, and continue to game it's less .

then you noticed a deeper level of something in the way people moved around it,
a kind of scam game of personas. based on the mptopm you had previously mentioned. 
perception that youur own personality changes, when using a different username.
but never putting that knowledge of it into your active toolbox.
so you got into cloak n dagger for the thrill of a game you knew was there,
unseen, with some kind of.

then you got into the game for the thrill
 
 
 Do i deserve it? fuck no, but brain damage is the fuckin shit!!! 
 it was my own fault i busted my brain case on that linoleam tile floor, becuase of demon attack, 
 Not only, do i get to pay for the actions of shit i didnt know about.
 I got to pay for the actions of others shit i didnt know about to!
 FUckyou SATiNIGGER!! <3
 
 see know i got your balls!!! and im huggin tite!
 i still get to make the wrong choices but i get to make the wrong choices without the ability not to, on special sneakntellervision! 
 am i gonna actually let it get me down?
 nope, we goin to CHINA~!~!
 
 this is the kind of thing i have the best odds at. 
 Getting fucked in the ass is rather romantic too, 
 the fact i cant really feel a thing, has a lot to do with it being .
 i should probably start fucking with those rapists heads a little tho like they did me.
 laugh at all those wrong moments, 
 or call them stupid every 2-3 minutes.
 and now for some odd reason my dick twerks during the act 
 some things or someones is obviously using me as a kind of pogostick
 
 
 
 
 ultimately.
 i find, i should have read the books i /have/had/bought/neverreadandnolongerhave.
 but at least all of you know, i been getting ass raped my entire life, so there's that
 
so what happened to the lost boys?
they were gay of course, you were spot on with the reads, 
and dude you fucked with their heads bigtime.
you most likely turned them god fearing, and thus ready to go to heaven with you.

while they were callling you (me) stupid each time you (me) were (was) getting raped.
so like, while you (me) didnt notice at all, 
and so they were very confused over the fact you (me) had no understanding of them whatsoever, 

