Genie, which is actually DJINN of LEGION, has admittedly murdered 7 or 8 people, said while telling me he is going to murder me.
it is said thqat his real name is Col. Dimitrius Rogers. now, LT. Dimitrius Rogers. 
Enjoys changing people's names, and calling people different names.
is homosexual, and has a very low I.Q. 
is most likely just another personality of Lucifer, momma and satan.

CC, is a 19 year old petite blonde girl djinn, that originally said I was married to her and we had children together.
Very very very willfull, and very aggressive.

and I am Finch aka Ronald Arthur Winterhoff II.
the guy you have terrorized for the past 9+ years, and every fucking day since 8 months ago.
Since then I now hate God, jesus, satan lucifer, everything about that horrible alien family fuck up.
Everything about this nasty family is decrept, and destituite for annihilation.
I am now left with total rage, weeping sadness and fucking hatred.

Archons, are a disgusting race of aliens, 
extremely inept at any kind of detail, 
highly skilled at lying, and EXTRAORDINARILY easy to manipulate.


Motoko, was 25 years old female, now dead. constantly impersonated by the DJINN aka Genie aka Obama.
Is also being used by the Genie to run some kind of game on me, as he constantly calls me Motoko, 
even though the name is a female's name...
She, or whomever it was's psychic imprint / personality imprint 
was a caring mother of three children, mexican descent, 
supposedly lived or rented the house behind my trailer.
the original main game runner or demon, was full of heart and very diabolical, 
somehow escaped, or possibly murdered by Lucifer. had/has a Satan image installed.

Barbara, a clone / psychic imprint / personality imprint of the woman across the street, very loving persona, but also very vindictive and hateful, 
has a certain sensous and sexual nature about her, has shown herself to be very loving also.
I have often targeted her with flirting so I could get her be nicer to me, and it's possible 
she is getting embarrased and/or angry about this flirting. 
-need to find better way of interaction with her, even though it's fun to talk dirty to her, 
and I would like to think she enjoys it, I feel it may be to my detriment to continue. 
But I do like her taste in women, a lot, very good taste. as she supported and believed in me for a long time, 
until I got so upset from the attacks that I googled devil's trap.

Ian, demon from old version of future alien demons. 
was said to be one of motoko's children.
he is of the grey alien demon branch of genetic manipulaters, 
has connections to the higher ups in the grey alien legion. 
is highly irritating and enjoys taking over my penis and other parts of my body.
he steals my medication often. he lies often. he breaks my stuff often, im another Lucifer persona.

Chris AKA Mark, a clone / psychic imprint / personality imprint from across the street, 
has shown decency many times, and advice, but also has pissed me off thoroughly in the past 
when he was an enemy inside the DJINN's medusa. Isn't around much anymore, another Lucifer persona.

Random dudes who call me son. ??? no idea who they are, 
originally thought they were connected to the angels, 
or calling me "son" in possible reference to the Melchezideks, but have since 
generally try to get my attention then ignore me, or lately tell me to "suck obama's dick", 
to which i presume is another genie/djinn impersonation, as most, if not all, others.