once again i will explain it since it needs to be.
due to the natuiree of it.

it's medicine so i can peepee and poopoo and use my brains grey goo better. cuz male humans have grey goo, and female humans have white goo. 
now, here on my planet, the males are generally total fkn morons, due to that simple fact.
but then there's women, that kinda usually keeps us in order to the point we dont shoot each other and kill each other.
and sceince said the opther day when i read it, that white matter is more smarter than grey, therefore women is smarter.
so, what i learn is that in order to compete with the ultra smart womens, and not be a complete tard, liek i am on any given day.
I musty supplement my daily intake of something that would kick my neuronal firing rate up into an area i can use to operate a PC Computer properly.
...alright yes the joke is really stupid, but it gets my point across rather effetively due to me be man. and the fact i like sometimes talking caveman.

yes and to close this, I'm not justifiying anyone else ever doing what i do.
I'm a jerk.
and stupid, and I have a really strange sense of doing things the wrong way, 
so much that ppl always apparently getting really upset with me, 
but, i'm kinda not operating a level that i understand i'm doing it to other ppl. cuz in my whole like world, its just me, goofing around mostly.
doing lude and lavicious stuff and highly inappropriate things that shouldn't really ever be known of. just cuz i'm a bit of an ape, or sick, yes sick.
that's not to be taken as a way to live at all whatsoever, i'm much more of a thumb showing you what you shouldnt ever do.

hoenstly that wont make sense unless you understood a buddy of mine named Jimmy, he's an oldman now. A total master of metal bending, painting, tool making, everything, 
basically a machiniest and a kind of all around type that figures out how to fix stuff. 
He can be highly annoying, to the point everyone kinda gets irritated with him cuz he's nuts like a squirrel, and apparently indeed can be a total prick.

he, told my sister and i one day something like "Hey look, dont ever do this!" and he was messing with a coca-cola and he twisted it around liek a crazy man, 
and doing all the things he shouldnt have. then while making sure we were paying attention, the next thing I knew, he was bleeding all over the place, 
and it was the most vividly description idea of why you should NEVER EVER DO THAT. ...i think about that, and it's The Funniest Demonstration I can recall, 
of literallyt how to not do something for the sake of pure safety.
with full intention of doing the wrong thing, just to let someone see, exactly why you should never ever ever do that. 
most insanely genius teaching ever, and yet, that's mostly the onyl thing i remmember beyond him calling me "stupid kid".

After that, it was kinda of a insanely genius way to show us, to never ever do something liek that, in a way that had all the elements.
Right in front of you, playing out so vividly and you dont have a chance to look away cuz it's literally for you to see.
it really was brilliant tho. he worked at a machine shop so it was really no big deal. 
they have all the necessary bandages and first aid they are supposed to have, mostly...
they seem to just use super glue.
...which as actually developed or inspired? by a doctor that had that exact idea to mend cuts.
that's kinda along the idea of what we might call redneck science, i think.
If you dont knwo what a redneck is, then, the whole idea is lost on ya. but what i emant about redneck science is it's basically 
like a retarded version of anything real science related.

